Like we didn't create the hurricane yet it feels like we're being punished for school closing.
I have 785,689 makeup assignments  to complete + 2 test to study for + a ton of reading to do due to school closing. &amp; it wasn't even on us
Study guide is 29 pages.
@TheReddZone__ I was just telling my mom it's papa fault I love this lol.
The best part of being at home during the week is I get to watch In the Heat of the Night.
Got a call today &amp; it's been weighing on my spirit since then. I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
If life is a movie, then you're the best part.
People always say I smile a lot &amp; honestly, I just have a lot to be thankful about. I'm truly blessed.
I really only came to work because I didn't like getting $0 on payday. That was not okay. At all.
I haven't been to work in so long that I can't figure out what time I'm supposed to clock in
Y'all, my southernness really catches some people off guard and I think it's so funny lol
@sunnykeye_ Das true. You right.
@sunnykeye_ He keeps using my car note as an excuse. Like noooooo lol. Come on son.
my dad is so unconcerned about this hurricane &amp; I just don't think being unprepared the best choice.
Got called into work
@sunnykeye_ I done talked myself out of it now lol
@sunnykeye_ I know you sent me text you earlier
Today is going by sooooo slow
It takes more time navigating the hospital to get to the unit than it does getting here.
Also forgot I needed to buy some more white shoes for clinical. Over life.
Being able to sleep until 5:30 a makes a huge difference in my day. Heck if I can sleep until 7:30 a I'm a completely different person lol.
I hate going to clinical more than I hate going to work. It's just the time. I can't stand waking up at 4 am lol. I CAN.NOT.
My hair didn't come out right &amp; im kinda sad.
Decided to watch What Happened to Monday and I'm only 6 minutes in and I'm already confused.
&amp; honestly, this little $15 extra every week is not in my budget lol. Not at all
It typically only takes $20 to fill to my tank but it's been taking like $35+ with these gas prices
I try to see the bright side in everything &amp; that comes from being in a bad place before.
You know I'm struggling today. I don't match. I have on a hat &amp; didn't even start to touch my brows.
So sleepy I could cry.
my nursing school brain has yet to click back on lol. Come on brain.
Today was a spectacular day.
Lmfaooooo straight to hell. Don't pass go.
Been drinking and just got word of a pop quiz tomorrow in OB &amp; this isn't good
I get to do developmental screenings, visual acuity, &amp; hearing screens, for Head Start &amp; early Head start students Thursday &amp; im SO excited.
I always end up going back to sleep after I eat breakfast. Everytime lol. That's why I don't eat breakfast during school or when I work
Financial &amp; mental stability excites me
Chipped the paint on my toenails so I refused to wear open toes shoes. So now my dress is scrubbing the ground.
I'm really trying not to flat iron my hair this year. Going to try extra extra hard.
I never know what time it is when I'm in Alabama.
@_ohsoMia Congratulations!!!
I have to fill up, which usually costs $20 max but now it's costing me more
this hurricane has gas prices soaring &amp; im not here for it. Actually.
IV validations tomorrow &amp; I'm trying not to get nervous.
I'm so sleepy
Sent my mom a picture of me in the fake belly and she's showing all of her coworkers.  she know their sense of humor is trash.
I actually hate shopping in person.
This traffic is RIDICULOUS this morning.
Hunay, you better!
@TheReddZone__ but the habitual aborter was new. lmao. Like sis, this shouldn't be on ANYONE'S chart. lol, ever!
@TheReddZone__ No seriously lmao! &amp; even in person, the pt. asked her physician for something &amp; he was like ", tha https://t.co/EfrbFU3r8V
It's not okay when a physician puts "habitual aborter" in your chart. You have to re-evaluate at that point.
need an iPod, want an Apple Watch. For the price of an iPod, I could buy my Apple Watch. I'm annoyed
Body like a back road, driving with my eyes closed.
this ob class + working on mother/baby makes me weary on having kids lmao  they cute &amp; all but will TEAR YO BODY UP.
I pray everyday that my grandma is on this earth long enough to see me graduate from nursing school.
paid all of my bills by the grace of God.
Trying not to get nervous for validations on Friday. Good lord.
had the craziest dream last night.
I started watching this show &amp; I can't even keep up
@_ohsoMia Yes!
If you love me baby, let me hear you say it. I know I'm yo favorite.
I still haven't completely wrapped my head around the idea of lingerie parties. It seems strange lol. But  ok.
real life not helping nobody anymore. I don't know why these people think I'm playing but I'm not. Don't. Ask.
need a SERIOUS nap. must put phone on DND.
babies smell delicious. Literally my favorite smell.
I'm completely here for sloppy philly cheese steaks
I be trying to help people but I'm about to stop. Seriously.
I need a nap then I'll do more practice.
we have a med math test tomorrow &amp; we have to get a 100 and it's freaking me completely out!
I just be wanting to sleep. Is that too much to ask for?!
Put a Gatorade in the fridge like 6 hrs ago waiting for it to get nice and cold. Went to go get it &amp; somebody drank it.
These ribs my mom bought were so good I forgot to put sauce on them.
@Nibiru_xn YAKWTFGO. ain't no shame in my game.  https://t.co/eJZfFpzb9V
My brain has not switched back to school at all.
Damnnnnnnn
this is the first fight I've ever seen in my entire 22 years of living &amp; it's fascinating.  I'm intrigued.
I hate those "conversation needs to be about me all of the time" ass people. Every text is a I, I, I statement.
Genuinely thought today was Friday for some reason lol
I can't wait until I have my own home so I can decorate for the seasons. Changing candle fragrances &amp; homey decor  can't wait.
On Friday nights, my phone goes on DND because I WILL rest peacefully tomorrow morning.
The house salad from zaxbys is so satisfying.
@sunnykeye_ Whaddddd when did this happen!! You supposed to give people a 2 month notice before you cut them off. https://t.co/EogLikukzM
All I want is my Chanel bag. Both very valid gifts.  https://t.co/uTFkn3a28a
Update, my left deltoid is completely sore &amp; it hurts to lift my arm.
struggling with learning how to read EKGs
Hate getting flu shots
I love the idea of mason jars over the kitchen lights.
I have an unhealthy love for the pasta from Pizza Hut lol
@TheReddZone__  out. of. pocket!!
Finished my credentialing documents just to realize I have a whole other hospital to do it for.
@TheReddZone__ This is so cool!
My MJJJJ  https://t.co/JiPktvICbj
Shout out to you baby. You the real MVP. https://t.co/ODZpNwmHPE
SOOO blessed to have someone that understands &amp; respects my dedication to my dreams.  I could cry sometimes. He's amazing.
But honestly, most babies cry lmao. Not even going to lie. But it's still pretty cute.
My ABSOLUTE FAVORITE part about my job is giving babies their first bath lmao.  i https://t.co/kfGpnXI8Ss
If the iPhone 8 is anything like people are saying its going to be, I'll just buy the 7+ in sept. because it sounds trashy.
They assigned me so much work today I'm swamped. Jesus be some peace.  https://t.co/GP2KKDb1xU
been doing medication math since I got home &amp; im just so confused  I really just had to close the book and take a nap.
Y'all, nursing is so real. Like REALLLY REAL. lmao. Like a different breed. You will never tell me different.
It's so irritating when women shake their assess with their kids in the background. But who am I?
I'm trippin. Early in the morning &amp; it's not okay.
our assistant dean &amp; director of admissions took it upon themselves to help the students figure out how to pay their tuition &amp; that's huge.
&amp; granted, birth is beautiful but I'd rather not  put me on a med surg floor puhlease lmao.
I have seen some disgusting things in my short time in nursing school but THAT?! that's a new universe.
watched multiple birthing videos today &amp; I just don't think I'm cut out for that life lmao.
school is exhausting. senior year is going to be hell.
I literally can't get my full nap in and I'm so fucking irritated.
honestly Florida Georgia Line won me over a long time ago but this song just further solidified my love.
So won't you ride with me, ride with me? See where this thing goes
No need to go nowhere fast, let's enjoy right here where we at.
baby, lay on back &amp; relax.
I need food but don't have time to stop if I want a parking spot.
I hate waking up before 7:30. If I could just get to sleep until 7:30, I'd be great. Amazing even.
I wasn't ready for this episode of power. I wasn't ready at all.
everybody been nuts today lol.
our internet so trashy I'm actually annoyed.
went and bought some perm rods today &amp; I should have bought smaller ones too.  now I can't do my hair how I wanted too.
he's definitely the one.
@Nibiru_xn Lmfao  I can't stand you. Actually
@Nibiru_xn I already apologized. You better check them other tweets https://t.co/jIx0iJBeyA
the myChevrolet app makes having a car so much less stressful lol. I love it. Seriously.
doing these IV Ati tests and I have so many questions lol. This is why I hate watching them before we go to class.
Super sorry babe, I love you.
I really have to apologize to my boyfriend for always being mad at him for not doing anything after work lmao. I ain't shit honestly.
these past few weeks I've just been straight exhausted after work. No jokes.
My mom bought me to ocharleys as a congratulations for finishing orientation &amp; it warms my heart that she knows how much I love food
it really kills me that so many women continue to do drugs during their pregnancy.
I love all of my friends/family but honestly, I don't want to hear about your hoescapades.
taxes will be the bane of my paycheck. I'm not happy. I'm hurt actually lol
my digestive system has been in disarray lately &amp; I need it to correct itself. ASAP.
Y'all I love the sweet heat from Fletcher's with all of my heart. But I know good &amp; well I have nooooo business eating spicy foods anymore
Working on Saturday's throws my whole life off lol. Today feels like a weekday.
There's a star in the palm of my hand, &amp; I think it's yours.
I'm kinda excited about having mentees now. They seem sweet!
it's pitiful how expensive healthcare &amp; procedures are. I mean what in the actual hell.
Took today off from life because I need to regroup. Mentally &amp; physically. Need to get my life together. And fast.
Idk if I'm being ignored or not and it's making me sad.
I'm about to quit everything. school, work, being an ambassador, ALL OF IT! Just so I can get some sleep lmao.
@TheReddZone__ It will but it's so expensive. I'm trying to get them some of the necessities like mine did but that https://t.co/RCmEJ8AarK
I have too many mentees. I signed up for ONE
Why in the actual hell would you pay that much to see people get their ass beat?!?!!
Somebody on my Facebook just posted their receipt for the mayweather fight and they paid $13,000. I'm just....I really hope it's fake lol
be up until 2. Like I get so mad at myself lmao.
I wake up at 5:15 for work &amp; I struggle going to sleep the night before EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.
my man is my man, is my man.
She's so pretty to me.
I never knew Chrissy &amp; Jim Jones had a whole show. I think she's like one of my favorite people on the earth lol
@TooTallTray Ohhhhhh, I didn't know. Thank you for the clarification!
I really tried to like the Have &amp; the Have Nots but the quality of the videotaping is trashy lol. I can't get with it.
I'm usually a bitch when I'm hungry but I'm trying to change my life lol.
&amp; honestly, the budding romance between Remy &amp; Charley makes my heart beat fast lol. How am I so late on this!
Queen Sugar is so good! I actually can't even deal lol.
honestly couldn't wait to get off so I can finish watching Queen Sugar
it's so sweet watching these new dads interact with their new babies.  all the feels.
Nonetheless, today will be a good day because I said it will be.
Waking up really is the hardest part of life for me. but once I'm up, I'm good.
can't sleep.
wait, maybe he not dead. Spoke too soon
granddaddy died AT THE BIRTHDAY PARTY?! OPRAH AINT RIGHT. THIS IS WICKED.
@stunnatiff Oh Jesus, I can't handle it!!
decided to watch Queen Sugar &amp; im one episode in all in my feels.
One, you're like a dream come true.
I always felt like if you take a sit down bath you have to take a shower after. you're sitting in your own dirt lol.
I have one week to catch up on all of the homework I was supposed to be doing over the summer
Y'all I am not a fan of being outside. I hate bugs. I hate being hot. I hate the humidity. I hate the feelings of my pores. It's miserable
l o l. I laughed. https://t.co/PG8ITx7wTs
I LOVE these lol. I'm excited about my future baby 10 years from now, just so I can use this. &amp; boppy pillows.  https://t.co/nvoJk79wo3
3 more hours.
I always get really down when babies don't make it.
My preceptor is sitting in the break room knocked out &amp; im confused. lol
Congratulations!!  https://t.co/GDVxdlRyBv
* groupons couple message bcus I'm dying *
why did I do this. WHY DID I DO THIS. no! No! I want to go back to sleep so bad!
who tf told me to switch days  I want my Saturday back
@_TradeMARC Lmao no seriously! Like she gone keep playing &amp; some real black girl gone beat her ass!
they are the only people I know who will wake up in the morning, brush their teeth &amp; decide to go buy a car off the lot lol.
I think my sister is just like my daddy in more ways than one.
I'm super tired and I'm just not up for anything I planned to do today.
I am deliriously sleepy. I'm not going to make it. Good night.
Waking up at 5 am still hasn't gotten easier.
That ring, that ringggggg
It's crazy how much satisfaction some people get from delivering bad news. Stay away from people like that. Don't become someone like that!
I'm tryna give yo ass the world
I just imagine my bf being this happy when he finally smokes again. Clean ass milly rock &amp; all and that nigga don't https://t.co/fYdnQmARL4
Nothing but God, EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.  blessed &amp; HIGHLY favored honey, okay!
I thoroughly enjoy every single one of my off days. Lol
I'm just appalled at where we are as a nation &amp; how we aren't instilling in our youth the value of someones or even their OWN, life.
As time goes on the value of life diminishes &amp; that's scary.
 I been picturing you takin' off your clothes for me. I been literally curvin' all these hoes for you.
I been waiting all night for this momennttttt
Ima have'm like oh vey, holy cow, ohmahgawd, WOW!
Will you stay just a little while, babe?
I start my senior year in 2 wks &amp; boy has it been a long time coming. I can only pray that this year is just as fruitful as last &amp; better
I love a big bowl of fruit loops.
I really am proud of Cardi B. It's amazing how far she's come.
After work I really just be wanting to come home &amp; sleep with my man.
Rihanna so extra fine. it don't make no sense.
I'm exhausted.
what can you do?
@sunnykeye_ Yes mam. What's up?
@sunnykeye_ Lmfaoooo you sposeddddd to be werkin!! Not looking at my tweets.
I'm starting to think she actually might be nuts. I say it way too often to her lol. But hopefully she won't see this
that's one philosophy that makes perfect sense lol. she's nuts.
she goes to work but still MAKES time for her non-profit, to go out, to hang with her friends, to relax - bcus she WANTS too. It's simple.
my sister said she doesn't believe that philosophy is true but I just don't understand how she doesn't get that lol
you will always make time for the things &amp; people you want.
@AllikT_ Same! My life schedule is a little wonky this week but we can definitely make something work soon! I'll DM you my number!
One day, I'll have it all figured out.
I'm dead  tried to cover it up. You can try this spray when you get home. See if it helps. https://t.co/hd0RGQT3Ya
stood in an ant pile today unknowingly &amp; my feet are literally tore up.
I'm extra super grateful for my family &amp; my bf. They really have been there for me &amp; I am truly blessed.
My daddy always call me telling me about joining the military. Like NOOOOOO. I'm not. N O T
I'm too empathetic. &amp; I have a bad habit of listening to people vent to &amp; all of a sudden I feel down too.
But that band needs to sparkle &amp; shine honey. Sparkle &amp; shine.
Honestly, w. how much I come in contact w. at work, I just want a nice ass band for everyday wear &amp; the ring will be for my off days.
Coming to Phipps just reminds me what I'm working towards lol. Just so much I want to buy
my daddy so rude lmao. My step mama in the hospital. She sleep &amp; he in here blasting church sermons.
@Kwamezing No probs. That's what this education is for.
Pregnant. https://t.co/iVZVeaJOgF
Been up going on 20 hours. With no nap.
I will real life go to sleep in this birthday celebration with no regrets lmao. I am xxxhausted.
Honestly, having a baby &amp; the few days after is so much more intense than I originally thought.
Last shift, let's make it a good one.
I'm trying extremely hard to not have an attitude when I wake up this early. I'm just so tired
Trying to get used to military time is trashy.
Work just makes me so happy
I know y'all don't care but I gave my first newborn his first bath today
Our wifi been so trashy lately. You literally have to turn the wifi on all the devices near my computer to print via wifi. Like whettttt
Our wifi been so trashy lately. You literally have to turn the wifi on all the devices near my computer to print via wifi. Like whettttt
My bf is a real dick sometimes.  hope he sees this
i do not believe in waterfalling or sharing drinks. if you want some you better get another cup.
@ashleyafriyiee Oh wow, that is great. Our nurses are paid biweekly but make a good amount so no one complains lol
If I can graduate making $28-$40, I'd be more than happy lmao.
Decided to watch Surviving Escobar on Netflix &amp; didn't realize it was 60 episodes
Insecurities are a powerful thing.
Didn't even take you 12 rounds to do it.
I'm about to take a mean nap.
Im going to switch getting my nails done every 2 weeks to just getting eyelashes. Lol, I think that's a good trade.
My little cousin is getting a $40 haircut &amp; im sure he's like ummmm, what the hell going on
Thought working 5 days a week was okay, &amp; after only my first shift, I am glad I didn't. I would die. Seriously.
One of my friends from nursing school keeps sending me her snapchats &amp; I actually need for her to stop lol. Like, whut?!
Work gives me baby fever. &amp; I can already tell this is going to be a problem.
I have to be up in 5 hours &amp; im not the least bit sleepy.
I'm craving ice cream
Really can't figure out what to do to my hair.
I'm hungry as freak.
I loveeee hearing Ludacris' wife speak  &amp; I think it's amazing their daughter learned English &amp; French.
My house still smells like weed. I literally can smell it in my sleep
Nap time.
Thought I was going to get to see my baby tonight, but it's actually tomorrow. My day has been way TOO long. Lol
@CaptainClapback YES! &amp; me personally not having kids, I think it's the perfect way to give back my community.
After I graduate, I want to sponser a classroom every year. Buy all of their school supplies &amp; necessities.
My mom gifted me my first pair of real nursing shoes
The ACT for deaf students is 4 d a y s. DAYS.
I just want to be fluent in ASL already.
At my cousins orientation for Atlanta Area School for the Deaf &amp; it's amazing how many things they are translating. I'm amazed. Honestly.
I used to be a serious morning person &amp; now I'm not lol. But that needs to change asap. School &amp; work start soon
Really could go for some peach cobbler &amp; vanilla ice cream right now.
Protective styling with weave pulls my hair out even worse than just flat ironing it once a week. My hair is super fine &amp; soft.
I want braids, but also want my edges.
@SoSays_Shay That sounds so good! I've obivioudly been sleep lol
Trick Daddy's Thug Holiday was my FAVORITE song ever lmao. I felt the song like I was going thru the struggle at 6.
@Sir_Donkus_ Icingggggg lmao. My teeth hurt just from the thought. They are already so sweet!
@SoSays_Shay I didn't even know you could get them from the store until a few days ago! We have tons of them now lol
The biscoff cookies they pass out on Delta are my favorite cookies lol
It makes me so happy to see so many of my family members and friends THRIVING in their pursuit of their various careers. Like, YES!
c a n n o t wait until I get paid.
Im going thru withdrawals
I'm so hungry. I'm craving zaxbys but I'm not by one
Y'all gone stop killing folks off on social media. It's weird &amp; kinda wicked.
I'm so hungry &amp; im not a fan of barbecue pork chops
Need to go buy my scrubs asap.
I wish I would have believed college wasn't a race from the day I graduated high school. I think I would have done much better initially.
@__AshT I think they are a good investment as most apple products but if you hate it, I wasn't here
@__AshT Literally EVERYONE at my school has one &amp; they love it. They say it's just more convenient, especially when https://t.co/zsz335y4tW
I love bread way too much.
I'm so freaking exhausted.
Still can't get my sleep schedule to cooperate.
Shameless is next level lol
He made me my favorite meal &amp; after a long day it was exactly what I needed
But next week, I get to start messing with babies!!
This week, I've been getting paid quality dollars to stare at a screen for 8 hrs and I'm okay with that lol
I have to pee so bad. My dislike of public bathrooms is unnatural.
I love you!  But be even better!!!  https://t.co/hQdMs2xzLH
@ashleyafriyiee Thank you!!
@AllikT_ Thank you Leakkk
@Ballout_3 Thank you!!
New beginnings &amp; it's nothing but a blessing  https://t.co/KMoRgcQmtJ
lol a quality tweet.  https://t.co/CtuDSOTqGn
Somebody needs to hack nelnet. Delete alllllll my loans.
We are WAY too old to still be using anonymous questioning apps. If somebody got something to say to you, make them put a name to that shit!
There's so much I want to do but I just don't have the energy. I'm literally  dead tired.  today was so long.
@UnspokenWerds I used to but not recently. I really think that's what it is. Just not as stretched as I used to be. Gotta get back in there!
I have to be up in 4 hours &amp; im not the least bit sleepy.
I have the worst upper back pain some days &amp; idk if it's the scoliosis or what but something has to give.
First day of my externship tomorrow.
Had to delete Snapchat. I need to regroup &amp; get my shit together.
My daddy LOVES bishop bullwinkle. Like has his actual cd.
GUYS STAY OUT THE STREETS AND TAKE CARE YO KIDS https://t.co/pdUG48TMEA
This girl is miserable in her marriage. Absolutely miserable. &amp; every time she gets drunk, I'm reminded just how miserable she is.
When in doubt, I just go drink with my cousin.
Started washing clothes, now I don't want to finish
Beyond ready to take my hair out.
My godson look so saucy lol. I miss him!
It is literally hotter than all get out.
Having family with Alzheimer's is a whole other battle.
Now that I'm looking, I could just do it. It's way too easy lol
I need someone in my family to be a notary. Make everyone's life easier.
Yoooo, she might be my new favorite actress
Dj Khaled got 300 stairs just to get to his shoe closet.  swear I'd be in shape just trying to find shoes for the day.
TPN smells absolutely disgusting. It's like regurgitated Ensure. It's worst than the smell of poop. Not even kidding.
How am I going to cuddle him when we have 2 hrs to work with?!
I'm sad bcus me &amp; bae work opposite schedules. I'm day shift 7a-7p &amp; he's night shift.
I sweat walking from my front door to my car. That means it's TEW hot.
Need to stop watching this series. It's actually making me not want to travel.
Total sidenote, the median salary of a  anesthesiologist in Atlanta is $359,113, as of June 28th. I might need to reconsider my speciality
That's a million dollar flight, &amp; she didn't pay a dime. Then the ambulance ride from the airport was $250k alone, again didn't pay a dime!
Her insurance paid for a private flight from Bangkok to Toronto complete with a doctor &amp; critical care nurse &amp; ICU on board.
This lady pays $2,000 a month for insurance. But that's what happens when you're an anesthesiologist
I'm trying to take 3 month vacations. That's real goals.
He calms me. Gets me together. Tells me to shape the fuck up.
Forgot I was broke today.
I'd pay good money to go to a dinner hosted by chrissy teigen &amp; john legend. GOOD money.
I couldn't be more excited for her.
I'm super proud of her for stepping out on faith &amp; pursuing her nonprofit HugMe Back which focuses on mental health in children &amp; yng adlts
We live in a generation of not having to do something you don't want to do. It's way too many other opportunities out her to get money.
She was miserable as a flight attendant. Nobody should be THAT unhappy with their job at such a young age. There's no excuse.
So many people (including me) looked @ my sister weird when she said she was quitting delta. But I knew how she felt.
Mold is my biggest fear. Not even joking.
Told that nigga to "go have fun" &amp; he decides to get alcohol poisoning in a whole other country
This girls trip sounds like something me &amp; Niles would go thru and im dying laughing.
Das all I need. Too be busy again lol.
I really be missing my boyfriend too much. Lol. Monday can't come fast enough so I can get some business back about myself
 STOP KISSING OTHER PEOPLE'S CHILDREN!
Decided to come to this outreach program with my sister &amp; its definitely the highlight of my week.
I need time to figure out what I'm going to do if my tuition isn't covered &amp; they aren't giving me that.
School starts in just about a month &amp; they still haven't sent out tuition lol. Like, they think I'm made of money?!
Ever watch a video online &amp; cant decide if you're looking at a man or woman?
Broken crayons still color.
I love you to the moon &amp; back.
Dropped my piece of cake and I'm really sad.  I'm going to take a nap.
The bread from ocharleys is so good when it's fresh out the oven.
In a good place.
I've become more aware of myself &amp; my flaws this summer. In many ways, I feel more...human.
I would totally move to Hawaii but their cost of living is outrageous lol. I need to stack some $$$ first.
That's...unsanitary &amp; your vagina will undoubtedly turn against you  gone have all types of bacterial issues.
There are grown women out there putting glitter pills in their vagina so their discharge will be sparkly? I'm really confused lol.
1 more week
But to each is own, I'm just blessed that I don't have to ask a man for anything. Family always makes sure family is straight. Period.
I don't mean like nails &amp; stuff tho, bcus if you break it you pay for it lol but bills? Nah, I won't ask until we're engaged or something.
I have to be down super bad &amp; then so does my mama, sister, daddy, step mama, AND grandma before I ask a nigga for anything.
&amp; when I say that, I mean it doesn't mean he can't do it, but I'd never ask. Ever.
I was brought up where you don't ask a man for help unless you're married. Asking a boyfriend for anything is outside of his duties.
Get it out myself? Or call one of my family members. https://t.co/cdE7T8c8DW
That's the biggest goal I have. Seriously.
I really can't wait to get my own home. Like by 25, I WILL be a homeowner.
Bae just got a haircut yesterday. He looking extra delicious.  maybe too tasty lol https://t.co/waQUxgzGa3
I'm blessed to have a good relationship with both of my parents.
Almost 24 hrs later and I still feel trashy.
Everything takes my edges out. It's kinda annoying at this point.
If I can no longer wipe my own ass or eat a steak, let me go. Don't be selfish.
I pray I've made my wishes extremely clear to my fam when it comes to end of life decisions. DO NOT KEEP ME ALIVE ON A VENT FOR YEARS nshit.
That's why I keep telling people to stop asking me for advice lmao. I don't know!!!
I don't speak on anyone else's situation. I don't throw stones living in a glass house.
@CaptainClapback A kidney, &amp; part of her colo &amp; she literally was still alive. I was just amazed she could live wit https://t.co/LU24YL3CRl
@CaptainClapback One of my patients had a total pelvic  exenteration (removal of the bladder, rectum anus, cervix, https://t.co/RFr68c5Os6
Really hate when people snap &amp; drive with their kids in the car. Come on people.
I haven't felt good allllll day.
People at my school always call me animated &amp; im really not. When I speak I just speak with enthusiasm.
Ready to start working already
@LegendaryRootz Bodysuits
His face went from normal to Bell's palsy droopy &amp; his friends were unconcerned  his hands were shakin &amp; all. I'd https://t.co/Tox8OdOUja
Lmfaoooo pouring tea into the D'Usse bottle.
Support the people around you. No matter what it is!
After leaving Zumba today I realized how much rhythm I don't have.
I say this but after the first week, I'll be ready for the last day of school all over again lol
I'm so ready to get back to school.  my brain feels like it needs to be challenged!
&amp; financial aid is super asssssss @ private schools.
Going to a private school is the wig.  tuition is an arm &amp; 2 whole legs
Yikes @sunnykeye_ https://t.co/B5Zxbe68F6
Definitely going to buy one once I graduate tho.
I want the new Mac but mine is only like 2 years old lol. That's just be silly to do.
Rain down on meeeeehh. Falalalala la la fallllll on meeehhhh
Always wanted to work w kids, found out I don't have the heart to work with sick kids. Life led me to mother / baby.  best of both worlds
Y'all I actually hate washing dishes. Like id rather clean every bathroom in the house. Just the floating foood
Really want some bacon.
I love lemon pepper wings but the sweet heat from Fletcher's is next to none. I'm sorry. I'll chose it everyday, any day.
Today is my mommys birthdayyyyyy
I'm craving sushi.
I have no advice. No insight.
People ask me for advice &amp; Im at a place in life where I really don't know what to tell you. I really don't have it figured out.
I LOVE my complexion. I've never wanted to be light skinned but it took awhile for me to embrace the abundance of melanin.  now? Love it!
I'm so hungry I could cry. &amp; im craving brunchy foods.
Imagine having so much money you have to pay back 26 million in taxes. Twenty six million.
Craving French toast.
I don't dance now, I make money moovessss.
Bodak Yellow really is like one of my favorite songs right now.
Don't feel like washing my scrubs at all.
I have 1 more year of nursing school &amp; it's going to be tough but I've come too far to fail now. Gotta make it count
Going to start studying again so I can refresh my memory before school starts. At least until my start date.
I am not a fan of when people volunteer me to do things. I'm REALLY not a fan when I get volunteered early in the morning.
I need a nap
Sooner or later, turn in my favor.It's turning around for me.
I don't feel good at all.
I feel like I miss my nigga the most when I drink  it feels like torture.
I'm so sleepy
The High Museum has free admission tomorrow 1-4 pm!
My drinking partner is MIA &amp; im not happy about it.
My energy field feels disturbed in places I don't think are good for me. &amp; usually I'm correct.
So it just goes to show my intuition is pretty on point. I KNOW when I'm not meant to be in a certain environment.
Well I didn't take the job &amp; the next week I called this Piedmont recruiter just on a whim &amp; bam, blessings.
I'm like am I making a mountain out of a mole hill? Or is this place really not an ideal environment for a student?
Well I got offered the job but I called my dad was like something just don't seem right pops. &amp; he was like don't take that shit.
Granted, most healthcare facilities are fast paced but it was just unnatural.
Everybody was scared of the physician, sitting was not allowed, this one girl decided she could just yell @ everyone, it was FAST paced.
So I make it to the working interview &amp; HONAY, that place was hell with scalpels.
I wanted this job SO bad bcus it was paying $18 /hr &amp; im like BITCH THATS LIT. HIRE ME!
Y'all, I just been thinking about how God saved me from a tragic situation this summer.
There are just some things you do out of respect. You're an adult &amp; some things are expected of you. Common decency.
Y'all have to watch Riverdale on Netflix. It's like Pretty Little Liars, a hint of 13 Reasons Why. But has an actual ending.
Time for him to wake tf up.
I want to go to Disney World
Bcus right now, I'm providing this quality nursing care for the extra free lol. It's costing me.
I want to finally do the thing I love to do everyday, get paid for it, &amp; go on vacations. Literally, das it.
It's my dream to have financial security.
I look at the average salaries of Piedmont nurses all of the time lmao. Imagining my future.
Me &amp; my dude in a foreign country &amp; they start killing Americans, I'm telling him to break everyybodddyy neck. We can go to counseling later
t h i c k
Actually, I'm inspired.
Tonight is my first night @ a strip club &amp; im unimpressed. All around lol.
Can't stress the things you can't control.
Every day I'm working on myself. Peak me is going to be a force to be reckoned with.
@addieerobinson happy birthday!
My sister finally found some1 to go on exotic dates with. &amp; doesn't think she's weird. I'm happy for her, she's waited a long time for this
@TheReddZone__ I've read the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, twice lol! Loved it! Never read Medical Apartheid though.
Need good book recommendations. Need to disconnect for awhile.
When it rains, it pours.
The Quiet storm really is the littest thing on the radio @ this time. Debate ya mama.
@TooTallTray No mam. I don't do white liquor at all. Lol. It's very rare that I drink it.
I'm a whiskey kinda girl.
I'm not a fan of white liquor at all, but I learned very quickly NEVER drink that on an empty stomach. lol
Major key  https://t.co/SLkA6mmpLP
Really working on this. Conscious efforts. https://t.co/tpRGb9MR8e
This girl keep mean muggin my suh &amp; she don't think nobody see. BITCH, I see you.
You don't turn on your own family. He trash
Tyrique so damn dumb bruh. Somebody get him off the showwwww
I haven't had an appetite since yesterday morning. I don't know what's wrong with me
Just want some ribs. I'm pressed
I'm hurt. I feel played.
No one in my family is cooking tomorrow. Someone ALWAYS cooks. I'm distraught.
&amp; all of my hangers need to match.
I hate wire hangers. Do not bring them in my house.
Damn, now THAT'S a thread.
But I'll forever try to find the bright side. I've come too far.
This summer has been a shitty clusterfuck of an emotional roller coaster &amp; I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.
Drained.
My parents were near the perfect age. I want to have kids when I'm like 32-35 ish.
Mom: 36ish.  dad: 35ish https://t.co/dL3yZPH8zP
Heard from Ms. McClure today &amp; I absolutely missed her!
been wanting to do something exciting lately.
Want / won't. https://t.co/adwZCZjrCQ
I really love that Tammy lets Charlie be a little girl. I get so much joy from watching how much she embraces &amp; encourages her uniqueness.
Folks giving me a run for my money today &amp; I ain't got the time.
One day, I'll get everything I deserve &amp; everything I've prayed &amp; worked so hard for. One day, I'll have everything that for me.
Damn.
I'm still not used to having a male in the house. I have to be so conscious about everything &amp; it's annoying lmao.
 IF YOU HAVE SOMETHING GOING FOR YOURSELF, DONT HANG AROUND PEOPLE WHO HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE.
It's really weird when people say "you've filled out" like you can't find another phrase?
My family is way too proud to let them down. My parents so damn excited.
Don't bring weed in my car, don't smoke around me, don't bring weapons in my car, don't do illegal shit when I'm with you. Period.
I tell people all of the time, I will NEVER put myself in the situation to jeopardize my nursing license. I can't lose it before I get it.
My daddy ain't got no sense.
Do people not understand how dangerous that is? Even going up the street, you can't guarentee you're going to make it back.
It really bothers me when people don't put their children in car seats when they're driving. That drives me absolutely nuts
My sleep schedule is extra trash.
I love getting the gel out of the aloe vera leaf. I find extreme joy in it lol
I tell all my hoes: rake it up, break it down, bag it up.
My foot fell asleep while I was pulling into my drive way &amp; I nearly took out the whole garage  my foot would not move.
Better put that woman first.
Sitting here FREEZING. Omg.
It's 5 am &amp; im still wide awake. I definitely have to be up in a few hours.
Wentworth has gotten crazier &amp; crazier by the episode. I'm just at a loss for words at this point. &amp; now, I'm wide awake.
I should be asleep.
She genuinely didn't think a .50 cal would go through a book from a foot away? I'm sleep.  https://t.co/MpcqVziMzl
The Governor too muchhhh.
Wentworth has my anxiety on 100.
I used to live on Neopets &amp; Habbo Hotel. Mama used to miss all kinds of calls because I was on the internet lol
It's from Neopets  my childhood lol https://t.co/MOAMccEZsL
Wentworth is caRAzy. So much better than OITNB.
@sunnykeye_ , I can't believe this.  https://t.co/9l70lQzYUF
76419  https://t.co/0jqWLJeSkn
I've obviously been under a rock because I did not know Lisa Raye &amp; Da Brat were sisters lol.
Having a car can be so expensive.
@Ty_Flowers_ happy birthday!
I just want to play checkers. Lol
Keep hearing that you can rub a baby's pee on their face to clear baby acne &amp; it probably does work - but who figured this out lmao
I'm not used to how wide my sister's camaro is &amp; almost took out the gas pump a few years ago and haven't liked driving it since.
Lmao why is that so accurate.
But that's life.
It's always weird when people that have never spoken to you or crossed paths with you have you blocked on social media.
I want to go to Six Flags this weekend
Don't play with me.
Thank you Syd!  https://t.co/sjmbzz901R
It just feels wrong. Lol
Had to send my first email declining a job offer and I feel bad lmao. But my aunt was like hospitals are used to it.
Came to volunteer today &amp; it's all blood draws  I love blood draws! Ima be a pro by the time school starts! A cool head start.
I'm always so sleepy when I have to wake up on Tuesday's.
Some times you just have to pray.
I just want to start working
Watching Moana because I love Disney movies.
I was just thinking this! Absolutely ruined the car! https://t.co/Z3FaLq05oc
I'm not that friend &amp; I won't ever be.
I will never support an abusive relationship. Ever. Once he calls you out of your name &amp;/or lays his hands on you - he's dead to me. Period.
I miss my job at Ga. State because I used to print all the stuff I wanted for free  used to print whole books out lmao
When I tell you God makes no mistakes.
Bcus I get the worst back pain now &amp; I could only imagine how it'd feel when I'm pregnant with the extra strain.
Totally random, but I really wonder how my scoliosis would effect my future pregnancy/pregnancies
You need to activate yo sexy.
WAITTTT!
Bobby trying to sing his own shit!
MY GOD MAKES NO MISTAKES!!!
I'm just here for Chance the Rapper in all honesty.
I was literally JUST saying that to my family. Lmao that's weird to be singing about your cheating daddy lol
Okay, MARY. come THRU
Chance isn't new tho buttttt any win for him works for me  lol
Chance the Rapperrrrr
@sunnykeye_ Lmao Ima still come tho.  can't leave you stranded
Don't want to go get my sister from the airport because I'm going to miss the BET awards. That makes me a shitty sister lol
Tried hot rollers today &amp; im praying this turns out better than I think it will lol
Love it when it's extra cold in my room. I get the best sleep.
Can't wait to graduate so I can start traveling. So much more to life than Atlanta &amp; I can't wait to see it.
Some people really don't get it. &amp; 9/10 it's because they don't care too.
Happy birthday to my sister  love youuu! See you tomorrow! https://t.co/DG5wSeE7cl
Forgiveness.
Praying for guidance. Daily.
Niles would cringe at the sight of that prime rib lmaoooo. You'd think it was just in the field 5 mins b4 they plated this
New episodes of Quantico. I'm in a happy place.
Today was hard. But I'm praying about it.
YAKWTFGO #yachtsontheway  https://t.co/MZmSnXIHSy
@sunnykeye_ You embarrassing lmao
@sunnykeye_ Did you jet ski?!
@sincerely_Ritz Thank you!
Thank you love!  https://t.co/6de1gQ88f0
Thank you  https://t.co/tfwuGvNT0x
 trueeee https://t.co/S1nK5FB9it
I am a firm believer in waiting for my time. Can't rush it, just pray that it's for me.
@RaegenOlivia_ Thank you!
Well, it all worked out because ya girl is officially a Nurse Extern for Piedmont  &amp; it's nothing but God!
Nothing but God!
I remember how shocked I was finding out a life  sentence may not actually be life lol.
@TheReddZone__ Life is typically 30+ years in Ga. So they can be paroled after 30 years. So whatever 25% decrease of 30 is lol.
But what's for you is for you and no one can take that away from you.
I love a good success story. Lol. Externships out here ain't easy to get. I'll tell you.
I love a good success story. Lol. Externships out here ain't easy to get. I'll tell you.
YAS HUNNY! All it takes is one yes. Congratulations.  https://t.co/sw3UooNkiZ
Thank you  love you too! Have fun https://t.co/eTCLzdNHpe
In the club holding my sister up &amp; writing questions for my interview tomorrow lmao. Priorities.
@ajxmont I do sometimes lmao. It's pretty cool to see how they've updated everything.
I can't wait to start contributing to the turn up lmao.
I LOVE going out with my family bcus there is never a shortage of bottles, the pay for everyone's shots, they pay for the hookahs everything
Well I could because I'm unemployed, but I don't understand how employed people do lol
I'll never understand how people go out during the week lmao.
I really need to get up and be productive but I'm exhausted for some reason.
@Nibiru_xn Why you always on here shouting out pornstars?
I have a barbecue date tomorrow &amp; im so excited it makes no sense.
No, I think he's just the first to pay for them himself. The others are provided by the arena. Snoop Dogg has them https://t.co/KoInzeXNcm
I really hate driving in the rain  today was the absolute struggle.
Never thought about getting the vin until somebody hit my mama and had fake insurance &amp; lived in a different state. She's still ghost.
My daddy told me the most imptnt things to get when I'm involved in a car accident are a photo of the:1. License2. Insurance3. Tag4. Vin
I'm so glad I've become more confident in my abilities as a nursing student.
If you're married, why are you sending nudes to other people? Is this a new definition of marriage because if so, I'm so old school.
I love nursing. Absolutely love it. &amp; im so happy I get to build and refine my skills during the summer in different settings.
I'm really in love with the clinic I volunteer at. I get more experience here than I do at the hospital. And the people are so amazing.
@Nibiru_xn I LOVE THOSE. there's another colorway I fell in love with. I gotta find them.
I'm so sleepy I can't even function. I just want to lay back down.
The Quiet Storm really is my favorite time for music.
@sunnykeye_ Oh lol. I'll be home soon.
@sunnykeye_ I answered. It didn't connect. Where y'all at?!
@sunnykeye_ Lmao at Niles'.
She's missing out on so much of the world it makes me sad.
I really hate that my grandma is so afraid of everything. Airplanes, boats, motorcycles, storms, bridges, the ocean.
@sunnykeye_ I know that lmao
@sunnykeye_ Well she need to mind her own business like I'm not pregnant
Somebody told my daddy I was having a kid and I'm just really confused. I got a lil pudge but that's rude asf.
Was Draya really a stripper because the way she dances on snap is trash lmao. For her butt to be that big she can't dance. At all.
I can't wait to have my own family. I love holidays and making the people I love feel special.
Truck drivers, depending on what they haul &amp; if they drive for themselves, make GOOD money. Like Dr. $$$$ no lie.
@Real1Ant Happy Father's Day Anthony!
That kitchen is GORGEOUS.
He said his dad drives trucks.  I'm convinced all truck drivers are interior designers because my dad redid his ho https://t.co/f377DYk2p1
Happy Father's Day to the flyest man both sides of the Mississippi, my pops.  https://t.co/SaibH3GbSw
I can't sleep if it ain't cold and my grandma keep trying to cut this air conditioning off.
@_kayerr Perfect! Sounds like a plan
@_kayerr I'm here now. I got here this evening.
@_kayerr Oh noooo
@_kayerr I told my dad I was going to come see you guys tomorrow at some point!
I don't even trust my mama enough to do this. I'll never. https://t.co/gYscvw4rew
I can never tell what time it is when I come down my grandmas house. My clock always switches between time zones.
I learned my lesson about popping up on people...especially people in different states lmao. My daddy nor grandma at home
Waze has saved me from a ticket a few times and I'm forever indebted.
@Delissia_ I'd rather that than not have one. I hate road trips now lol
I really hate my car doesn't have cruise control.
Texarkana is literally my favorite city name lol. Right after Hurtsboro, &amp; Opelika. Such fun places to say
The admissions people at my school love Niles lol. They ask about him all of the time but have never met him.
Point, blank, period. lol https://t.co/VD7kResebz
And she fast as hell having sex with grown ass men. I was terrified to give torso to torso hugs at 15. Nope. I just don't get it.
What niggas gotta do when they start dating? Ask for 2 forms of id &amp; a bill. Y'all sleeeppp
Always saying guys should ask for the girls old - okay, yes - but girls lie ALL THE TIME about their age when they are young.
My 15 yo shouldn't be in a place for 18+ period. That's poor parenting and the way this girl dresses doesn't look 15 at all.
This girl looks GROWN. everybody always trying to make it the man fault but it's HER and her parents fault. Y'all a https://t.co/1qxbbLIoHf
Also why I'm a whale.
Honestly the 4 for $4 from Wendy's has been my best friend lately &amp; it's shameful.
Thats so stupid it's actually dumb she felt it was okay to do.
I'm young and I have common sense so, please.
Then gone try and justify it by saying "I'm living"  doing shit like that, not for long. Miss me.
I'm completely against traveling to meet people you don't know and STAYING at their place. That's a lifetime movies waiting to happen
I actually feel like I could fall asleep sitting in traffic. I'm so sleepy.
Come on in this house, it's gonna rainnnnn.
So it needs to be cute, flattering to my body type, and appropriate to be worn in front of my director of admissions
I'm trying to find a bathing suit that won't further make me look like a whale.
And this storm further solidifies I don't want any trees near my home. Not one. That is literally my worst fear.
There is a whole ass tropical storm out side right now.
I got a feature so I'm singing for my grandma. You singing too but your grandma ain't my grandmaaaaaa
I've been praying for you, you're my Sunday candy.
A big bowl of fruit loops makes me happy.
Allik just said "hoodboogers" lmaooo
@TooTallTray Oh nah, not this. Working full time isn't allowed for my school lmao. Literally signed a paper saying I wouldn't.
My heart is so full!
THIS IS WHY HES MY FAVORITE PERSON. anyone who takes the time out to cater to the deaf &amp; HOH has a place in my hear https://t.co/w5IQxEPIuy
I can't keep holding myself back.
I'm craving ribs.
I just need to hit the lottery one time lol. That's it.
@_WithBREeze Living a rough life. I'm willing to risk my safety for some change.
I'm just trying to ride around Ga and just happen to see those escaped inmates 300 ft away so I can turn them in for that $90K lmao
@sunnykeye_  https://t.co/8430X82HHq
If anybody knows somebody in a hospital that can help me land a job, I'd be forever grateful. I'm a great recommendation
These jobs are always 35+ miles from my house. Why won't anyone within these 25 miles hire me lmao. Please jeez!!
@yelhsa_ash Congratulations Ashley!!
So sleepy
Those neutrogena makeup remover wipes really are pretty good &amp; inexpensive!
I'm waiting on my blessing and trusting in his timing.
Ever since I graduated high school I've made a conscious decision to do the things that make me "uncomfortable."
Praying for a serious blessing.
Positive vibes.
Never going to waste time getting my nails done again. One place allows nail polish, the other doesn't. So it's really no point
Somewhere btween 1&amp;2. I dream of wiping down countertops with Clorox wipes @ night on 1. 2 is just more homey.  https://t.co/tBrPBP51h3
This is so close to home! What in the world. https://t.co/5jtRypvzrk
That's why I love her. We connect on a spiritual level. Them New Yorkers a different breed lmao.
I got a friend like this. Met her in nursing school. She'll hop over a table &amp; stab you and then apply pressure so https://t.co/ktxDanGhm1
Hate the smell of burning hair.
W O W.
Look at it, blessings falling in my lap
My heart felt like it fell out through my feet.
Kampai's house fried rice is my absolute favorite.
Yea I know yo baby mama fond of me.
@AllikT_ happy birthday Leak! I hope you enjoy your day love!!
I really just be sitting here wondering.
I'm just so confused lmao. Confused by everything.
Happy birthday Uncle Snake  still not used to you not being here. I miss you so much.
I knew today was coming around &amp; I said I wouldn't cry. So, thank you my angel. Everything I do, I do for you. Rest https://t.co/caUMLOZa3U
I would bring that sadness home with me every single shift and I'm sure my husband would leave me.
I have a huge respect for NICU nurses. My heart isn't strong enough.
I've always wanted to work with kids, then I had the chance to work with kids and there's nothing comparable to sick kids. I can't.
I'm the luckiest girlfriend on the planet. He made roast. My favoriteeeeee food evaaaaa
@_SENORITA_C He posted a picture with them on his IG lol. I just assumed his awesomeness would do something like that.
Honestly, I asked the same thing lmao. I'm like he can't be that old  https://t.co/JIJfvFNt3I
I really want to go to Disney world lol. Like, really bad.
You never know how strong you are until being strong is your only option.
We live in a world where morals are a foreign idea. It's baffling actually.
I've been checking my email like crazy for the past two weeks. Just praying for that one email to come through.
Then again, 2 tickets now cost $347 and I don't love anybody enough to give up my book money. Nursing school is expensive lol
They released more tickets to the Chance Atlanta show after my sister &amp; I drove 8 hours lmaoooo
I have actually forgotten what happened in OITNB
@UnspokenWerds I'll cry. Don't tell me that. Real tears
Found out they have a new season of Switched at Birth now I don't want to leave my house.
This girl in front of me is standing on her chair and I'm just praying she'll fall off because I don't feel like asking her to get down
Nonetheless, I'm hereeeeeee
Why I chose to go to a Chance the Rapper concert in North Carolina and not South Carolina is beyond me lmao. I really wasn't thinking.
I've been disgusted a lot lately.
I'm sleep as fuck. Y'all disgust me.
I'm not that kind of girl and I never will be. Y'all can have that.
You could NEVER justify a threesome to me. I would never invite another female into my relationship. Idgaflyingf how much of a fantasy it is
I get to see @chancetherapper tomorrowwwwwww.
I have a vision of how I want my future to be. From my marriage, to my career. I will NOT accept anything less.
2 days until @chancetherapper
I feel you have to think out of the box to make your girl feel special. It's nothing to get on Pinterest or google to look up ideas.
I just ask that if you love me, you respect my decisions.
I'm patient with myself &amp; that's something I won't take for granted. I trust in my decisions. I take time to think about what's best for me.
Barely holding it together.
I need a vacation. &amp; fast.
Praying for peace. Praying for understanding. Praying for guidance.
My stepmama so damn cool.
Craving Waffle House
Just trying to get home and get this makeup off.
I have been wholesome in her eyes for 22 years now. And boom, they ruined it. Lol
My grandma ain't never seen me in my going out fits and it was supposed to stay that way.
My whole family is in atlanta and I feel like I have ants in my pants waiting to see them
I got so much done today. I'm glad I got out of my bed lol
This is perfect cookout weather.
Im about to block the fuck out of my cousin on snap.
I really just wanted to lay in my bed today but EVERYTIME I CLOSE MY EYES, someone is calling me!!
I be chillin WAY too hard for all of the Lifetime Movie antics lmao. I can't stand crazy and I will let you know real quick.
When you doing things you'd never do, it's time to leave sis.
One thing about me, I'm NEVER for a girl stepping out of character over a guy. EVER. Don't ever let a man make you crazy.
I'm still hungry.
I'm so hungry I could cry.
Congratulations!  https://t.co/KJ56W9VvDT
I've been trying to get out of bed for hours now. But I just feel like trashhhh
Makeup got my face off deck
I don't share my crown. Don't ask.
Convinced my birth control is causing my blood pressure to spike.
I can literally never find my way around Emory.  always somewhere lost.
Can't wait to graduate to send my mom on a much needed vacation.
I just don't understand. They trying to run my mom crazy. She ain't even getting a chance to LIVE.
My mama is almost 60 years old raising someone else's 18 yo. What they NOT gone do is have my mom out here stressing herself out.
macaroni and cheese is my all time favorite food lol. I'll eat the whole pan.
I legit put 11,000 miles on my car in 7 months lol. I need to sit completely down.
This family reunion had my head hurting lol
Everybody know you boppin. The whole hood know you fair play.
I need like 3 outfits and 2 pair of shoes mane.
She has my name, this is something I'd do - it's destiny lol https://t.co/oMKPYxs3qx
I miss Niles
Anybody who mixes everclear and Hennessy, they OBVIOUSLY don't care about their life. Don't trust them!
Power went out
I actually forgot I have a second hole lmao
Shonda likes to kill people off
This last episode of Grey's Anatomy has my nerves in shambles. I can't handle this  can't even predict it'll be a happy ending.
I want to go so bad!  https://t.co/3UnMiinnw4
Literally about to fall asleep in traffic. I'm exhausted.
My phone is dying and I kinda sorta need it.
And I know H&amp;M isn't really made for the folks with meat but I mean JEEZ
That place will make you feel like you're 39 lbs heavier than you actually are lol.
I'm a 4, 5 usually in jeans / pants. At H&amp;M im literally like a 10.
I'm annoyed because all of the professors are gone and I need referencessss
I think I just miss Niles.
My phone has been on DND all day and it is magical.
Have to do better with checking the roll before I sit down.  finish using the bathroom just to realize ain't no tissue
I'm sleepy.
They sound like the original song. I'm baffled &amp; my ears are so happy lol
I watch this EVERYTIME it comes up on my TL https://t.co/WgirqHYgJe
My pride gets in my way sometimes. I hate asking for help, advice, money. Especially money.
I should be getting dressed but I'm not.  really just want to lay in my bed
Praying things work out in my favor.
Queen of the South on Netflix is really good!!
I'm so sleepy. I'm going to bed.
Taking blood might be my favorite thing to do lol
I love my externship.
Have to pop my nails off for my externship and I'm sad.
So thankful for my family. Extremely blessed.
I'm so baffled by her actions today lol
My mama such a brat. Now I see where I get it from
I love me some big balloons
This man took 30 minutes to blow up 6 balloons. Party city would NEVER.
Really just want to get home and go to sleep. I cannot.
I'm a t r a p s t r. Got the streets on locked, big shoes on the car. &amp; she likes it.
@TheReddZone__ Obviouslyyyyyyy
@TheReddZone__ lol I'm so upset that you've been before me and I LIVE HERE!
Opium will make you a whole epileptic. (Not really, but really) lol. This club got ALLLLL the flashing lights lol
I've been late to everything lately.
She's going to make an AMAZING NICU nurse. I'm so freaking proud it makes no sense.
She is literally part of the reason I'm in the place that I'm in. And I will forever be grateful for her willingness to help.
Then she got accepted to Ga. Baptist which I had no idea even existed &amp; she told me to just apply. So that next year I did.
I'm so proud of Dee bcus I remember sitting in Human Anatomy trying to figure out what nursing schools to apply to
Just caught up on my Grey's and LEMMETELLYOU, I was not ready honey. Not at all.
Graduation is my absolutely favorite season! I can't wait to graduate.
It's pinning day at Georgia Baptist!  congratulations to our graduating nurses.
@sunnykeye_ Lol tried that one on, girlllll, I wouldn't dare walk into a church with that one on. I got the peplum one lol
Update: her closet came ALLLDAWAY thru  thank the lord. I'm going to sleep lmao.
I don't have time to buy one and I have to wear all black tomorrow. I'm super screwed lol. Like I need my sister's closet to come through.
I gave away a lot of my clothes a few weeks ago - okay - well I thought I kept this black dress but appearently I didn't and now I'm stuck.
@yelhsa_ash Congratulations Ashley!
@_MaYa_V Congratulations!!
I'm at this banquet and they cut music on and it's the explicit version of Slippery lmao.
Worst dream ever. Just all bad.
 Cause you make me feeeelllll likeeeee, I been locked out of heaveeeeennnnn for toOoOoOOo looOOOOoOongggg.
I'm craving guacamole from Uncle Julio's.
I know I'm not meant to be a parent yet because I'm still not good with confrontation.
I absolutely can't wait to graduate.
Jkay, figured it out.
They sent me to the barbershop to get my cousins hair cut and I'm just as lost as lost can be.
Start him with a little Kirk Franklin here and there. Something to fill his spirit with JOY. Mmph!
Y'all I had to introduce Niles to some gospel music. They day he gets that "weight lifted, giving it to God" feeling, I've done my job.
Don't nothing move until I sign shit. Might as well be my side bitch.
30 days until my Chance the Rapper Concert
Sometimes I really hate that it's who you know and not what you know when it comes to jobs.
This shit is LOVE. let me tell you. A girl don't care about you if she doesn't care if you make it home at night. https://t.co/yJBE4PkFzt
@TippeyTay Congratulations Tanini!!
No weapon they throw at me, you know it won't prosper.
I am so sleepyyyyy
The Kirk Franklin playlist on iTunes be so popping lol. I listen to it every morning now.
Passing the campus carry was one of the stupidest things ever done. The maturity of my generation is trash.
Sponsor Mina a bed. Just an easy $300 or so.
I actually broke my bed and I'm really sad about it.
It's National Student Nurses Day! https://t.co/LgoVmiEaQX
Or folks be having LOUD ass toilets lmao. Can't even wake up to use the bathroom without waking the whole house up. That's why I stay home
&amp; now, I'm a late night snacker. I NEED to have something to eat or drink at night.
At my house it was never like that lmao. Eat when you hungry. Get 4ths at dinner. Juice before bed. Alladattt lmao
&amp; the main reasons were because some ppl don't believe in food / juice after 8 pm, once you get in the bed you stay there, no seconds.
I was never the kid that liked to spend the night at other people's houses. And till this day I still don't.
So a few days ago I bought that Smith's Rosebud Salve &amp; it has worked WONDERS. my lips are getting their normal color back
So like two weeks ago I used this cheap chapstick &amp; it broke my lips out.
I broke my bed and I know my mama about to beat my ass.  she just bought the damn thing a year ago.
It's 10:30 and I'm exhausted.
Roll gahdamn Tide! Congratulations Lex.  https://t.co/zQTrwvT07P
I want a Chanel for my graduation gift. Or the new MacBook Pro lmao.
My mama asking all these questions like it's not 4 in the morning. Girlllaaaaa.
I'm exhausted but the minute I go to sleep, it'll be time to get up &amp; leave for Tuscaloosa
Can't decide if I want to straighten my hair or risk a major fail with doing the curl formers.
Really proud of my grades. I just wanted A's bcus higher GPA's get priority when it comes to practicum. &amp; I want to be where I want to be!!
@TheTopDOA You gone retake it?
Passing is passing! lol at this point. https://t.co/ZZUa7raLAs
And I'm officially a senior
The devil made white liquor.
This reminds me of that LONG road when you're going Savannah. I always imagined this is what it would look like if https://t.co/YJU7OVCUeD
My support system is remarkable. Unbelievably amazing. On time. All of that.
So I'm going to definitely be on brain overload but I'm going to study every single chapter.
Other problem is, I need every single question I can get lol. Even those little measly 4.
1 have one more final tomorrow &amp; it has 15 chapters, 100 questions. Problem is I'm not about to go restudy a whole chapter for 4 questions.
My eyes feel like they are about to explode so maybe I just need to go to sleep &amp; wake up early tomorrow to finish studying
My mind is on overload and I'm exhausted. Literally just waiting for this week to be over.
Somewhere between defeated &amp; resilient right now. Looking sketchy.
I get in my feelings when I'm feeling stressed.
Honestly, it made me into a better student now.  delayed gratification at this point tho. #degreeotw
My parents established early on that if my grades weren't up to par, I wouldn't get anything I wanted lmao. I ALWAYS wanted A's
Spreading positivity on to the TL of college students as we enter finals. I pray you retain what you study &amp; only get asked what you know
20 E is so back up it's crazy lol. What the hell have these little kids done.
HOW DO YOU MANAGE TO GET A WHOLE EXIT SHUT DOWN
Like this was supposed to be one last hurrah for Golden Glide and y'all ruined it. I don't even want to go tomorrow.
These new age kids have RUINED Golden Glide.  I'm so shocked.
I've accepted the fact that my body doesn't digest spicy foods at all. But that makes me sad because I love my some sweet heat wings
I'll never understand why if I stay on Panola, my Papa John's location is the Covington Highway location &amp; not Flat Shoals?
Trying really hard to stay positive &amp; hopeful.
Today is study for your final like a good  student day.
These girls use everything under the sun to lay these lace fronts down and then wonder they don't have any edges
Took my sheets &amp; comforter to the dry cleaner Wednesday thinking I'd get them back the same day. HA, jokes on me. He said next Wednesday
Need to be studying. Crying.
Need to be studying. Crying.
I've never been good at filling out the "why are you interested in working at ...." questions on applications. Somebody help.
Everywhere I go I'm in traffic
I'd give my whole savings account to go back to the Cayman Islands. It's so unbelievably beautiful there.
It's okay though because I know my heart. And this is where trying to see the best in everyone will get you.
Now I feel like my intentions meter is off. I've always been a pretty okay judge of character but I guess people really do change.
I really let myself get bamboozled. I vouched for someone who's just as dirty and grimey as everyone else. I genuinely never saw that coming
No offense to Clark, at all because y'all know I really don't ride for any school lmao, but I really wonder why Wayne's daughter chose it?
These girls vent on our class Facebook page like all the professors and our assistant dean isn't on there.  girl you better act right!
Only thing I can control is my own actions. Can't stress things that are out of my control. I really have learned how to put it in His hands
I have tried 2 different air fresheners in my car but I always seem to run back to California Scents lol.
Trying to stay positive.
I'm going to do this. Have black balloons pop out. https://t.co/Sw6ZvePY6h
That's a whole new kind of stressed out I'll never put myself through ever again.
So I try to get solid A's &amp; High B's because I can't manage to have a borderline grade in nursing school ever again. No mam.
Honestly, I bust my ass during the semester because by the time finals roll around I'm tired of stressing &amp; it reflects in my studying.
You know I'm pressed when I start calculating the grade I need to pass.
My sister so damn fine.
I don't know why I thought I could use these cheap ass chapsticks.
Update: lips are definitely swollen. Much larger &amp; more stiff than normal
Learning happy birthday in sign language is by far my favorite thing I've learned so far. So so happy
My cousin is always tickled when I learn something in sign language lol. But I get so excited to show him!
They feel the EXACT way my lips felt when I use EOS eggs.  now I feel ugly.
I couldn't find my good chapstick so I used this one I got from the nursing convention I had in my purse &amp; it broke my lips out.
I'm being super lazy. I wish there was a mobile service to fill up your gas tank in your yard. That'd be great.
Tried to be a good student and come to tutoring. And now I'm SOAKED. literally.
Call anyone, SOMEONE.
I say this all this time, PLEASE please please reach out if you are considering suicide. Please, please.
This whole thing hurt my heart. Praying for both families &amp; all of their friends &amp; loved ones.  https://t.co/eJODCSGicv
Y'all I'm not hype about marriage or having kids at this point. I just wanna L I V E. &amp; travel w. my baby at this point. Das. It.
Edges all swirled and laidddddd w. the lacefront &amp; when you take it off your hairline 12 inches back
Ladies, it's imperative to take care of your edges underneath these lacefronts!
She came out in everything you wear UNDER your clothes lmao. What  https://t.co/6TbYWUAN5K
The feeling of finally getting into my bed after a long day is unmatched.
Been up since 5 am &amp; needless to say I'm BEAT
People who go jet skiing with no glasses or shades on are the spawn of Satan. That salt water BURNS
As much as I think those graduation proposals are ADORABLE, please don't take away my day. I just think that's not the right time - for me.
I'm so exhausted I do not feel like going to the mall to find a white dress!
@DeezTease Thank you mama!
I'm starting to get discouraged but I have to remember that what's for me is for me. &amp; no one can take that from me.
I'm a strong believer in having a will &amp; plainly stating what YOU want from your family when they have to make the tough decisions.
Spent my final day on the Peds unit @ my mental health rotation and my heart is just in shambles.
I was losing weight, now I'm gaining it all back.
Last day of my mental health clinical . It really does give me a headache.
I don't like when beauticians put edge control on my edges. I can't wrap it the way I want to at night
I've had this assignment since the beginning of January and I'm just NOW doing it &amp; it's due at 12:30 pm.  what's life?
They've been everywhere BUT America  shining. thriving. enjoying life. https://t.co/shbbyLxP5n
So when you don't respond in 36 hours - I'm calling your friends first, then your bf/gf, then your mom - then the cops for a welfare check.
I'd rather you just answer the phone &amp; tell me you don't wanna talk than not answer or text back.
I'm that friend that believes in welfare checks. I know people really get down sometimes &amp; choose to go ghost but that doesn't work with me.
It really is a blessing to have someone that likes to cook. Y'all, I'm in heaven.
It really has to be mentally exhausting believing everything is a conspiracy! I'm really confused.
I love a big bowel of fruit loops in the morning.
I'm exhausted. Seriously burnt out.
Niles spoils me with food &amp; that really means a lot to me.
Take care of your bodies. Ain't nobody got no money for transplants.
@TheReddZone__  and that was numbers from 2011. In 2014 it was up to $1,242,00! So who knows what it is now!
Oop, need a heart AND a lung?! It'll cost you a smooth $1,148,400.
And a heart transplant will cost about $997,700.
&amp; a liver transplant will run you about $577,000.
Hep C treatment is expensive. Ex. Sovaldi - 12 week course - $84,000 - $1,000 A DAY
That's so amazing of Ga. state to do that!
Y'all it was sunny 15 minutes ago. Now the sky is falling &amp; it's hailing!
We too old to still be disrespectfully misusing "reply" &amp; "reply all".
I LOVE birthdays lol
I'm going ALLLLLL out for EVERY birthday. Mark my words.
My bf isn't really a fan of how extra I am for his birthday but just wait until I get this salary, baby he just don't know what's coming.
It's such a triggering sound.
The "death rattle" of a person at end of life is comparable to nothing I've ever heard. I heard it the very 1st time when my uncle passed.
There are a lot of things I've come across while in nursing but the one thing I can not stand to hear is the breathing of a dying person.
Passed my clinical.
How big her heart is just baffles me. My mama deserves the world man. Seriously.
That lady ain't never missed a beat man. So I do whatever I can to help her with him even if it's just taking him to school &amp; picking him up
He's not a burden at all but I know my mama tired. She been going &amp; going since she had my sister in 1990.
My mama heart so big its crazy! This lady is real life raising somebody else's deaf son along w. dealing w. 2 of her own children.
I feel so bad because I'm so tired &amp; I really don't want to take my cousin to school. I get to school super early and I could be sleep.
1 more PrepU  I can do this.
This is so accurate. It's amazing how long it took me to get to this place of self love.  https://t.co/IHysAx9TgM
The Lord is washing all of this devilish pollen away. Amen, amen!
@Nibiru_xn  everytime. https://t.co/0LYZexTvuw
That way it'll still be cold enough to get under the covers for a nap &amp; you won't burn up.
I swear I'll probably keep the air on about 68 when I get my own house.
I've been sitting up trying to stay up until 12. I know the minute I lay down, im out lmao.
Happy birthday love! @Nibiru_xn , another year older. Wouldn't want to do it with anyone else.
@sunnykeye_ I know I just got off the phone with her! Lol
Don't kiss my baby, put your lips on my baby. Put your face on my baby. Wear a mask. Whole nine. People are disgusting these days lol
When my baby born, I'm having everybody WASH their hands - ain't no hand sanitizer bit - and I'm carrying temperature strips in the bag.
Just trying to hold a baby man!
My cousin was due on the 9th. It's the 15th and she still pregnant. This worst than April
Unless you are in trouble, near death, or a potential job - do NOT call me before 11 am. Y'all are so rude.
Can't wait to be a chaperone for my kids field trips.
I'd drive there on my own just to get some dang guac.
Craving guacamole from Uncle Julios. It was SO GOOD!
I'm gone praise Him, praise Him till I'm gone.
Unless you're my boyfriend - I'll talk on the phone to him.
I really hate talking on the phone.
If I was Meredith, I'd just never get back on a plane.
Shonda really loves plane crashes on Grey's Anatomy lol
I've been telling myself since 7:30 I was going to get up but nope. Here I am, still laying in the bed.
That new Sammie song is GOOOOODDDD. honey.
@sunnykeye_ Lol you call me. I never know when you're free.
Got put on the crisis unit of the mental health hospital and WOW.  just wow.
I can't figure out what to get Niles for his birthday.
Let's be selfish.
I might actually pull an A out of my med-surg class
It actually makes you feel disgusting
The worst thing I've ever experienced is sulfuric burps. I actually never wanted to eat again because it made me burp &amp; it smelled like eggs
I'm just trying to get my life together.
I've become serious about removing myself from toxic relationships. Wether it be friends or family. I have no space in my life for it.
Tired of studying. Just ready to take the test.
@badd2theebone I wish I would have known that lol
What's for me is for me &amp; no one can take that from me. Daily reminder.
Exhausted.
@Nibiru_xn I know. That's why I'm not a fan.
Red Bull &amp; coffee doesn't work for me. I can drink 2 cans / cups and still manage to fall asleep lmao. What the heck is going on.
@sunnykeye_ She was due yesterday so maybe it'll be before Wednesday.
I really do have the best sister ever!
@sunnykeye_ You leave back out on Thursday?
Get the feeling my cousin is going to go into labor while I'm at clinical and I'm going to be SO mad if she does!
My flight was overbooked yesterday. Maybe I should have looked into volunteering  https://t.co/Czul96bk3b
My flight was overbooked yesterday. Maybe I should have looked into volunteering  https://t.co/Czul96bk3b
I will not get married if I have any student debt. I can't have my husband marrying into that lol
I was telling my friends I heard the sirens going off but I was too tired to get up &amp; panic!  they assumed I was t https://t.co/przXXPrlXI
I should study but first a nap lol.
I absolutely can't WAIT to send my family on the vacation they deserve. They've made nursing school much less of a burden.
So glad to be home.
Saw Mo'Nique in the airport. She looks fabulous
Decided to super shuttle it to the airport &amp; my car ride got upgraded to the executive car.  starting off right already.
Praying I don't have a problem getting home tomorrow lol. Because delta has been going through it.
This is disgusting &amp; if they don't correct his behavior now he'll grow up continuing to inappropriately grab women. https://t.co/jUsFh0pNIY
It's baffling. Seriously.
There are kids in high school who are genuinely depressed &amp; suicide is a very real option for them and no one takes this seriously.
People who develop depression after moving away are told they're just "homesick" &amp; they need to get out and pray about it.
Kids with ADHD &amp; ADD are just called rowdy or overactive. They're constantly punished for something that genuinely can't control.
It's SO many black people with undiagnosed mental health disorders it's CRAZY!
it's funny how everybody at this nursing conference wants to come to Atlanta but doesn't realize we are currently in a state of emergency!
I don't understand how my sister flies everyday. I really don't because I couldn't do it!
I'm just baffled. The girl got pregnant at 12-13 y.o which means somebody was raising her AND her daughter. But I'm glad she graduated.
I feel like the only person who genuinely didn't like flying.
And I HATE PLAIN coffee
I'm tiedddd. And I know it because I'm drinking straight coffee. With 15 packs of sugar.
She be waiting on me to go to these 7 am reviews &amp; I. Ain't. Going. Don't believe me when I say I am, because I'm not.
The girl that I'm rooming with thinks she can't go anywhere alone but I'm here to tell her that she can.
Love conferences because of all the free stuff you get.
Conferences are so boring
@Nibiru_xn I got you when I get back
I might be flying illiterate.
13 Reasons Why is CRAZY! only because it really makes me think about what someone goes through to the point they think suicide is the answer
You will NOT last if you're just in it for the money.
But it's stressful as hell. Just as I'm sure any medical field is. It takes real passion for people to be a nurse.
I absolutely LOVE nursing school. I get to be around like-minded individuals. I get to help people during their worst hours. It's amazing.
My boyfriend's birthday is coming up.
Lord please.
I have so much to do today, I'm nowhere near ready to go to Dallas
"Allow yourself to dream alittle."
But clay needs to get back on his meds because homeboy is losingggg it.
13 Reasons Why makes me sad. &amp; puts me deep in my feels
I don't know whether to laugh of straight face her because I'm that sad I have to get up that early lol
We have a test tomorrow &amp; my professor sent us an email saying "don't forget to leave you houses at dark thirty" so we can make the test
&amp; that thing was THICK. like, I'm just confused.
This man shoved a 18 inch yucca root up his rectum...UP HIS RECTUM.
I remember reading 13 Reasons Why when I was younger &amp; now it's a movie on Netflix.
My cousin is deaf &amp; he's staying with us but he's home alone right now &amp; that really bothers me bcus he can't hear if there's trouble.
I'm so hungry.
@Nibiru_xn You're A NNOYING.
Some days I forget I'm not perfect. I literally have to remind myself it's okay to make mistakes.
Good, I'm not alone  https://t.co/6yxvGbwZ6J
I'm going to get over it though and go study for my test.
I'm really selfish with my boyfriend and it's kinda sad. He's out with his friends &amp; I hate him for it.
I've been putting off folding these clothes for weeks.
I empty all my loose change &amp; dollar bills into a mason jar every Sunday. Hoping all of this will pay off at the end of the year lol
I cry about EVERYTHING when it's that time. That's why I hate messing up my bc.  I hate myself right now. I'm going to sleep smh.
Drug users burn shit up all the time. Hell, people damn near burn their own houses down with cigarettes.  I'm not understanding..
Can't wait to go on my first baecation. Patiently waiting on the day.
Wasting my life watching this giraffe.
I love a big bowl of fruit loops in the morning.
But I don't think they'd find that as funny as I did.
Was going to put in the family group chat that I was going to cook today and then once everybody got excited, hit them w/ the APRIL FOOL'S!
My mom went to the store 2 hours ago..I just wanted some fruit loops and she's still not here.
But my phone goes off in class sometimes &amp; im almost certain I'd be devastated if that played in class.
I should make that my ringtone lmfao.
Bitch stop callin me. Ain't gon pick tha phone up, send ya to the voicemailstraight hang tha phone up
Bedroom booooommmm. Bedroom booooommmm. My bed will be booomin for youuuuuuu.
I used to be like 11 singing Bedroom Boom
@Nibiru_xn I knowwww
I like my hair straight because I feel it fits the frame of my face better. Not because I'm trying to be white...sooo..
Genuine question, why do people always associate african american women who straighten their hair w/ trying to be white? I don't get it.
You can always tell when I have a busy week...I forget to take my bc.
Why'd they have to kill Maggie's mom?
Catching up on Grey's.
How did they manage to let this bridge collapse. I'm confused as to how this happens.
Talking about "get them all" tf no!  I have to pay for them.
Brought my mom shopping with me because I'm indecisive and I need someone to make executive decisions but she's worst than me today
The end of the semester is even more stressful than the rest of the year.
Don't know wether it's the printer, my wifi connection, or the Internet box thing
I need to print my article for clinical tomorrow but I can't figure out why my stuff isn't printing
@ajxmont  used to love Habbo Hotel. No phone calls coming in for hoursss on that dialup.  https://t.co/Tc2wL7FtTE
I hate wifi printers.
Having a patient on contact precautions means washing your hands VIGOROUSLY 4,348 times in 6 hours.
Id pay good money for somebody to come adult for me today. Good money.
Dead tired &amp; I haven't even started my shift for clinical.
Super Chill Peach is so good idc it's off brand
This doctor prescribed 81,000+ opioid based pills to ONE person in 18 months. That's unreal.
Exhausted. Good night.
 https://t.co/2a1nRbQAMB
Please be on my side today Lord, because I need it.
Praying for a miracle. A financial, academic, mental, &amp; spiritual blessing.
I have an ongoing list of baby names. By the time I have kids, there won't be a debate lol. I'll be SURE.
This is my favorite picture of my daddy in life lol. Everybody knows I'm a daddy's girl &amp; that will probably never https://t.co/jLrwhPoMes
I'm so sleepy but my grandma won't let me go to sleep. Oh, how the tables turn.
Diamond not measured by height https://t.co/xbvqgUxqHC via @rockdalecitizen SUPER PROUD of my little cousin! Keep striving &amp; never stop
My anxiety gets so bad sometimes. I literally want to throw up &amp; die all at the same time.
We all have our vices.
I'm way too sleepy to be driving to Alabama.
Can't invest in an iPhone again until they change the ports back.
Lmao, shawty is PRESSED
There's my plea for the night. I'm going to sleep.
Please please please please get help if you need it. Please please please.
There are literally people in there my age. OUR AGE.
Today I did my rotation in the substance abuse unit and WOW.
Other than that, you couldn't pay me to go through high school again.
The only thing that I miss about high school is that I got to see all my best friends &amp; I miss cheering.
I HATE DRIVING
This is probably my bf every night  https://t.co/Hs0YjJHB5G
Need to go find me some orthopedic shoes. Fast lol
Thank you Tanini  https://t.co/Cr3IAMAVag
Waking up at 4 for clinical kills me. Every Wednesday. I die slowly.
The Fosters is such a good show. How have I been this sleep all these years.
Every time I come over here I go straight to sleep.
96 on my med-surg test.
Chewed up just sounds painful  https://t.co/uiXgESkO5L
Eating cake for dinner and I'm not happy
Don't care that you don't like what I like. IT'S NOT FOR YOU.
Baffles me how when you tell ppl what you want/like, they think that's an opportunity to voice their opinion. lolol, I think not.
How do you explain to two 4 year old's their father isn't coming home because he tried to be a good samaritan? HOW!
Man had a whole family waiting for him at home. People depending on him &amp; someone took that from him with absolutely no regard.
So angry that her husband lost his life trying to prevent violence. i just don't get it. people are so reckless with other people's lives.
If you guys have it to spare, please donate to my classmate's husbands memorial fund. https://t.co/Od9VjeiM68 via @gofundme
Well and me saving lives. But that's it.
This car is my motivation to study lol. My future house. &amp; all of the vacations I'm about to take.
My dad is buying himself a Bentley, he just gotta wait. So I can shit on him.
I can't wait to buy my dream car.
I think I would love to be a foster mom.
She lost her best friend in January. Literally the first week of school. I can't imagine how hard this is on her.
Sad to hear that my classmate lost her husband &amp; children's father to senseless gun violence. Please keep her &amp; fam https://t.co/4GYVTv1f3B
Old people be at spring break locations live asf. Lol, getting twerk about to have a whole heart attack.
@SelfMadeYRN thank you!
I'd pay someone good money to do my nursing care plan concept map. good money.
I absolutely love the idea of the Mommarue lol. It's so cute. I need to get off of here.
Looking at things to put on my cousin's registry makes me excited to buy all of these things for my child when I start a family lol.
Can't wait until I'm financial stable and in my career &amp; I can happily have baby fever.
That gif is ACCURATE! I hate them SO much. So so much.
Wire hangers will NEVER be allowed in my humble abode. Ever.
That whole comment might get me through nursing school. Hell, life.
That whole comment might get me through nursing school. Hell, life.
My professor told me to stop telling people that assignments are easy because some people aren't as smart as me.
For me to be a Scorpio &amp; my boyfriend to be an Aries. I think we work pretty well.  he loves me.
I hate when I get so hungry I get an attitude.
But I found out that patients who have insurance somehow spend more time in mental health facilities &amp; it's not bcus it's helping
Homegirl gave me a WHOLE life story, just to find out it was a lie. I was done. I felt taken advantage of lmao.
I actually kinda like it though. Listening to people's stories. Being lied to in your face. Being claimed. It's all so exciting.
My first day of mental health rotation was today and...
Craving sweet heat wings from fletchers.
Sounds like he just wants a weak woman.  https://t.co/ggdIaGVh17
Ex. Hausted
How could we honestly expect him to come out &amp; be the same person? I'm just baffled.
They stuck a 16 year old in solitary confinement for more than 800 days. EIGHT HUNDRED DAYS. not minutes or hours - DAYS.
Solitary confinement is torture, no doubt. It is mentally, one of the worst things you could do to a person.
I love seeing SWD on tv. It never gets old.
Star got REAL, REAL FAST!!
Convinced my head has sunburn too. I'm just peeling everywhere. It's not even dandruff.
I am lucky that my mom was willing to be open minded about my mental health growing up. Counselors &amp; therapists were ALWAYS an option for me
The hospital transition from night shift to day shift is crazy lol. You can literally feel the speed shift.
Not trying to adult today
I LOVE beef stew lol. Omgg
God really does work in mysterious ways! I'm so excited for my friend &amp; her job in the NICU. she's going to be amazinggggg
They literally didn't go anywhere lmao. Her tits are too biggggg for this endorsement. https://t.co/AkUGqEifMa
Burning Sands really did make me upset. I hate when movies do that.
Put my hand on my forehead, moved it &amp; saw flakes fall on my computer. My forehead is shedding because of this sunburn. So embarrassing
I was 18 when I learned them &amp; it was the absolute struggle so she's amazing lol
But no seriously, a 4 year old learning every bone in the body &amp; being able to give facts about each is AMAZING.
I want my child to know every bone in the body @ 4. Along w/ their colors, letters, numbers, multiplication tables, how to do taxes. Alladat
I LOVE little big shots. I have been so sleep on this show. It's SO cute.
Folks gripe &amp; moan about doing the assignment but been sitting at home on their behinds for a whole week. That annoys me.
If I can go on a whole cruise, come back and STILL have my assignments completed before school starts, everyone else can too.
Lmfao, this is so dramatic.  https://t.co/Nxtmk5LWpX
I LOVE being dark skinned, but that self love didn't come overnight.
@SincerlyJaryn thank you so much for this. Guess sometimes I just need a reminder.
Been trying to take a nap for the past 2 hours to no avail. I'm annoyed.
I drove 45 minutes to come home just so I didn't have to use the bathroom at school. I hate using public bathrooms lol.
Must take a step back &amp; regroup.
When I first got into nursing school, I felt like luck was on my side. But as of lately, I don't feel like it is anymore.
Way too sleepy to be sitting in traffic.
@TheReddZone__ they are clearly on to something! It's all I use on my face now. I'll take the grease lol. My skin feels so moisturized.
Ponds has my face looking greasy but it worked wonders on my sunburn. My skin did not peel anymore since I put it on yesterday.
Praying for a job to come through because ya girl trying to go ghost this summer. Running up a check.
I have sunburn on my nose &amp; it's peeling so bad
Phone dying. No charger in sight.
@TooTallTray lol I was but we had some pretty bad weather so I felt it regardless.
LOVED the cruise but you learn to appreciate a bed that doesn't sway lol
Finally back in my bed from that cruise &amp; ive never been so happy to see my bed.
Trips with females can go bad so fast.
I'm so happy I chose to come on my trip with the people I did. It was literally drama free and drink filled. It was the most fun I've had.
Literally the perfect choice for it to be my first time out of the country.
Y'all I'm going back to the Cayman Islands. Mark my words. Swear.
back in Miami
We've been in the club 3 days straight &amp; we're dead. How do people do this daily? I'm sleep.
Lmfao WHET  https://t.co/uyfupRuAqI
I heard nigga loud asf &amp; I personally don't remember it being that many black people on the ship to produce the volume of nigga being sung.
These white people on this cruise ship done got away with singing "nigga" WAY too long lol. I'm fina start fighting them
I don't know how I managed to do this.
My black ass got sunburn.
My family would be so disappointed.
Half the shit on a cruise is free. Besides liquor &amp; the spa, it's literally FREEEE. what did you spend $2k on!
This man in front of me had his children charge $2k on the cruise &amp; he charged $1200. Do you know how pissssedddd id be lol.
Too drunk to be standing in an hour long line on a rocking ship.
The cruise ship has this drink called the funship &amp; it will literally have you messed up off of just 1 drink. Anymore &amp; you SCHLEEP
Just wait until I get back to some stronger wifi, I'm floooooooooodinggggg with pics from my cruise.
Future RNs  https://t.co/aiiM6R5LKH
Sitting outside on the boat watching the stars. Love.
So sad I have to come back to America
I just want to move to the Cayman Islands &amp; jet ski all day. Who tf told me to go to nursing school?!  place is BEAUTIFUL. seriously
Made it to the Cayman Islands.
I really wish my Snapchat was working right so I could upload these videos. Today was so fun lol
YKWTFGO. Ain't no party until ATL walk in that bitch
Y'all I was so pissed earlier. We were supposed to stop in Jamaica but the weather was to bad.  talk about bummed
Been on the ocean for 3 days now &amp; all I want is to get on some land
Fucking blown.
Being on a boat in the middle of the ocean baffles me. Seriously lol
Kinda running on 3 hours of sleep for the past 24 hours. I'm exhausted.
Think I'm seasick. This boat has been rocking all day.
@_unphuckwitable that place was absolutely delicious! Thank you so much for recommending it.
@_unphuckwitable thank you! &amp; I'll definitely be on the lookout for that!
@_kayerr happy birthday my love! I hope you enjoy your day!
On the way to Miami
I was talking to this girl about at home births right. &amp; I said "if I give birth @ home, I want Erykah Badu as my doula."
I'm being so lazy. If I were rich, I'd hire someone to shave my legs for me. And wash my clothes.
@sunnykeye_ oh from where? What'd it feel like??
2 more days until my cruise.
Ate 1 nibbler &amp; 7 onion rings and I'm STUFFED. what's going on with me right now.
I always get to clinical extra early. lol I literally just sit here until they give report at 6:45.
I'm exhausted.
I'm so freaking happy! lol. I can happily go on vacation now.
sike, got an A. Thank you Lord for being on my side.
This school never seems to cease to amaze me.
@UnspokenWerds yes! I've heard it quite a few times since I've gotten to college!
My husband can be a millionaire and I'd still want to work. In some way. I HAVE to be doing something.
I think I'm one of the few people who don't want to be a stay at home mom. That's just not productive enough for me.
@Nibiru_xn thank you babe
It's going to take an absolute miracle to pass this test tomorrow.
I have literally sat with this information for a whole day &amp; don't remember half of it.
It really bothers me when professors give 48 page study guide for a 50 question test. What do you expect for me to know from this?!
Just need to make it through these next few days. Then I get a mental break.
@_TradeMARC ken! Lol
Trying to figure out who this is using my sister &amp; I's Netflix lol. Then was so BOLD to create they own name like um, WHO. IS. YOU.
Becoming more comfortable with being honest with myself.
Really learning about myself.
It's for me. No one else. &amp; I can't ever forget that.
Keep quiet, cause you gone start a riot.
My stomach is so sensitive it's annoying at this point.
Just as long as you stand by me.
My uncle snake in heaven lit asf  https://t.co/W52Pjnr4E6
Trying to use my sign language with my cousin but it's so hard to remember the signs
PrepU takes me forever to do. lol
I actually REALLY hate shopping. I don't know what happened. And it doesn't ever get better.
Gave up on trying to be spring break fine, I got you summer time tho lol.
Lmao I didn't think about this. Just my luck.  https://t.co/oarZ6Yfydi
Wine instantly makes me sleepy. Like it's almost immediate.
Has anyone ever went swimming with crochet braids / hair before?
Omelettes are my favorite food. Absolute favorite thing to make.
My mom is THE GOAT.
I'm really not sure what to do to my hair for this cruise.  give me advice! helppppp
I could never pay $14,000 for a purse. Idc who made it. That's tuition.
I'm appreciative of the small things. People pray for someone to just listen to them. I'll never take that for granted. ever.
Niles and my mama are the only people who'll ask me about my day &amp; genuinely sit and listen to my disgusting stories. I really enjoy that.
Today was by far the most interesting clinical day so far. I got to see my first colonoscopy!
I want to hyphenate my last name only because we're the last Smith's out of my immediate family. Everyone had girls.
This is crazy. I don't know why I thought his abuse would stop with Rihanna. Good for Karrueche for finally getting https://t.co/UnRL3gAgY6
I really don't feel like washing my hair. I'm so annoyed lol.
But I think the moral of the story was that I shouldn't put my hands on a man, I should tell my daddy so he can.
My daddy always said don't ever put my hands on a man. But he also said don't ever let a man put his hands on me.
@TheReddZone__ thank you
Ah, ya girl made the Dean's List.
BE MAD.
People don't understand how much I don't care that you don't like me. Never have, never will.
I literally have to take 30 minute break with studying because I'll want to stop for good lol
My feelings get hurt kind of easily and I really hate that.
I've been late to every class today and I don't know how. Our classes are in the same building so idk how I'm doing this lol.
I can't study after 10 pm. My brain is off after 10 lol
I think I want to work night shifts. Days are SO busy lol.
I get annoyed when professors don't email you back lol. Like, it's a one word reply bro.
@UnspokenWerds but they said canceling it will hurt it even more. They told me to just use it every now and then for cheap stuff lol.
Credit cards are the devil and once I graduate I will probably shred mine and never use it again. Like ever.
Something gotta give.
Somebody help her. PUHLEASE  nothing but a pretty face.  https://t.co/XHaXgapnMd
@Glits_Glam happy birthday!
I don't know what's gotten into DeKalb county but they need to get it TOGEVA!
My life needs some type of structure. I feel myself drowning.
I'm in such a tricky place at this point.
Every week I literally just try to make it to Thursday. That's my goal. One day at a time until Thursday.
So excited for the next few weeks
Y'all, everyday I'm reminded why I don't hang around females.
I feel no one on IG has real lips anymore lol. They're all crack &amp; line free. Just not even realistic.
This me lol. https://t.co/DTmGDJeTCg
Do y'all know how depressing that has to be? To go in the hospital and come back out missing organs and with bags attached to you for life!
No bladder, urethra, rectum, or anus. They even took the top 3/4 of her vagina. THEN she had a colectomy on top of that.
Just found out my patient had a total pelvic exenteration and my heart broke. She literally has nothing in her pelvic cavity. NOTHING
On my days off, I genuinely hate answering anybody's questions. I don't even like to have my phone on in all honesty.
I'm not really all that good at responding to messages as of late. Especially GroupMe. I HATE it. &amp; these folks abuse it.
I used to get so caught up in my own world with my little problems that I always forgot the big picture.
@_beautybliss_ https://t.co/vYPrEcVFUl
It's a weird feeling stabbing someone with a needle. Especially heparin. But I'm LIT nonetheless lol
On another note, I gave my very first shot today &amp; I never would have thought skin would require a little force to pierce lol.
The fact that Atlanta tickets sold out in 1 day is CRAZY to me. He's really blowing up.
I got my @chancetherapper tickets! I'll see you in NC.
That whole news story breaks my heart. Seriously.
Today has been a day. I'm calling it an early night.
mbn tho.
That shows effort. I'm always a firm believer that a little effort will take you a long way.
I love thoughtful Valentine's Day gifts. Out of the box &amp; specific to the person you love. The gift that wouldn't make sense to anyone else.
Legit can't believe I'm going to miss the Chance concert.
Passed both my test this week. God really been on my side honey. Let me tell you.
Too many events. Not enough money
I'm real life about to shed tears lol.
The Chance concert is the day of my Godson's christening.....is this a test? I think this is a test. lol
I'm so excited I could cry!! https://t.co/pkekih3Djx
I just pray his ticket prices haven't skyrocketed. One of the many reasons I love his brand so much, it's affordable.
CHANCE THE RAPPER IS GOING ON TOUR AGAIN
Forgot to set my alarm last night woke up thinking today was Wednesday &amp; I had missed clinical. Lordtttt.
Zaxbys give you this fat salad &amp; 2 dressings. What's with that?
I wanna be fit on spring break.
My booty was getting right. Had whole thighs. Stomach was on somewhat flat. It was lit. Then Jack moved, Syd went back to auburn. I'm sad.
About to start back going to the gym. I was doing good, &amp; then nursing school came along
HOW can you not like @chancetherapper ????
YALLLLLLL, @chancetherapper IS MY FAVVVVVVV!!!
If you've never seen Chance perform in person you MUST go before you die. Absolutely breath taking &amp; electrifying.
@TheReddZone__ 3 years ago he got arrested for cocaine use. Said it changed his life for the better.
Took a break from my birth control for a month. I needed to give my body a break.
Beyonc and these weave changes. I am completely here for it lol.
I sure didn't lol.  https://t.co/V5OIUwIbR7
I'm trying to get some weave that looks like Alicia Keys' hair for this cruise lol
Y'all be so salty that people like Beyonc more than they like you. You sound jealousssssss
Perm, Straight Up &amp; Down, and Versace on the Floor are the most exciting songs to sing once you learn all the lyrics lol.
Lucky for you that's what I like.
I love Carpool Karaoke.
He has to do 24k magic or Perm. Like baby, I have a whole performance READY.
Now I just need Bruno Mars to come out so I can go on about my life lol
I'm not a Beyonc stan or anything but I will FOREVER be a avid supporter of #blackgirlmagic . &amp; honey, SHE GOT IT.
Oh BETCH. YAS Beyonc.
My favorite class might be med-surg. But I real life hate mental health and older adult lol
Throw some Baileys in your hot chocolate and thank me later.
That's my challenge for myself.
Lately I've been finding myself speaking too fast &amp; not listening. Need to learn to stop &amp; form an appropriate response.
He just really has to love me, I'm convinced.
I know Niles is sick of me by now lol. This is the most we've ever been with each other. &amp; last night, I kicked him clean in the head.
So it says don't use drano in the toilet but what happens if you do? lol
Niles made roast andddddddd I wasn't supposed to touch it until 10 but it's been calling my name since he put it in the crock pot
Valentine's Day just gives me a reason to get cute.
@sunnykeye_ definitely need to invest.
I'm such a little bitch sometimes. I hate technology sometimes.
Had to cry for a brief moment because it took me 2 days to do this paperwork. But I knew better. Google has all of the answers. Got it back.
Literally JUST finished my clinical paperwork &amp; Microsoft crashed. Nothing saved. I'm literally on the verge of tears.
...but I never wear mine. Got pooped on last semester &amp; haven't worn it since. It's been desecrated. Lol
I love seeing black women &amp; men in white coats
About to act up &amp; he don't even know it.
I can't stand talking to people that always feel the need to make the conversation about them.
&amp; im surprised it took Niles 3 years to figure this out.
I'm a grinch when I don't eat.
By the grace of God...
It's going tibia okay.
Literally came to Niles' house &amp; went straight to sleep lol. Clinical wears me comepletely out.
As of lately, my nerves have been in absolute shambles. I don't know why or where this came from but I feel terrible.
If I was ever to be a youtuber, she would be my motivation lol. She so real and open. I like open.
A jewel  https://t.co/6qk9THKSKS
Doing everything except studying.
I think I've just been in a funk today.
Shits crazy how people you think are your friends hate when you do better than them on tests.
I have better test taking skills and studying strategies. Learn them. Don't be mad at me.
I'm blessed that I don't have to study as hard &amp; super greatful but for you to tell me idc about my education is a way to get me upset.
Still #RiseUp tho. Fahevaaaa
I literally don't even watch football but this one is for the culture! FOR THE CULTURE ATLANTA!
I'm so fucking confused right now. Like is this real.
Think I'm having angina
Gahdamnit Atlanta!
@CaptainClapback genius lmao  but I didn't make much this year so I don't HAVE to file. It's optional. No jail time lol.
@CaptainClapback exactly why I'm following after the leader of this free country and I ain't filing.
Decided to watch the OJ series. I lowkey think he did it.
So no, keep your W-2's lol.
But I owed $87. HOW THAT WORK?!
Last year I got a $3 refund. THREE DOLLARS!
Don't send me no W-2's. I don't want to file taxes because some way, some how I always manage owing money  so keep them to yourself lol.
You gotta protect yourself first. Nothing will ever matter more than your sanity.
I hate them for calling it zips.  but completely here for it at the same time. https://t.co/7whwVpZLYt
My first sign language class is today.
Haven't been able to sleep in like usual on TR, F, &amp; S and I'm starting to feel it.
This why I don't go out. Legit getting sick. I feel it all in my lungs. I can't.
9 hours later &amp; im finally done.
Ooohhhhhh BETCHHHHH! Star is out of control lmfao. By any means necessary.
So I finally have the chance to watch Star anddddd I know she not fina have sex with Alexandra daddy! BAYBEH!
I've been doing this clinical paperwork for 6 hours now lol. What the hell.
So hungry I can't even deal. I'm like craving a chicken patty melt w/ hashbrowns from Waffle House.
Hungry but can't be late for my hair appointment lol. She's coming in just to do my hair so that'd be so rude lmao.
Annoyed because nobody is emailing me back
Waking Niles up is like trying to wake up a hibernating grizzly bear.  you literally have to call his phone 32 times to get him up.
@UnspokenWerds lol I didn't even notice
Don't feel like doing my clinical paperwork
This is something I would do lmao  https://t.co/zp9CTvrnUY
All of this seems fairly backwards. Ban immigrants from other country to prevent radicalism, buttttt give easier ac https://t.co/srXB5deTJS
Took myself to lunch for the first time in my life &amp; I feel so at peace. I could have never done this 2 years ago.
I really hope it's in God's plan for me to get married one day.
People that have to downplay everything or make a joke about it are NOT the people you want to support you. 9 x's out of 10 they're jealous.
People are really bitter about the strangest things. And I mean yes, most are just exaggerating &amp; being funny but y'all are hurt by it lol.
I could literally pay somebody at this point.
I'm absolutely exhausted but I have so much to do tomorrow.
Wait, Beyonc real life pregnant! With TWINS!? That's lit asf lol
So sleepy. I don't wanna go to clinical
@CaptainClapback lmao abou you better learn to ask those prying questions! Don't have shame
Congratulations Britt! https://t.co/MGTg4DHqll
@TooTallTray lol it's a school assignment
Passed my test. Went to my first AA meeting. &amp; ate chipotle for the first time. Today was a good day.
Passed my test. Went to my first AA meeting. &amp; ate chipotle for the first time. Today was a good day.
85% on my first med-surg test. Only going up from here.
