kord pulled himself over once
@PornoOnMute ty
decided to go to rapid city at 6am because I hate myself obv
all lanes disappear and minneapolis becomes one shiny road when it rains
got in a fight with my troll neighbor last night I hate punk dudes
a girl with the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen works at @tacobell
is it mean to give your dog boogers
eating salad with my fingers in my uber
not knowing my bio father's family is a scary thing because any random white boy I'm with could be like my cousin or something
I'm going to use tinder to find the strongest looking guy to help me move to my new apartment
my life will never be long enough to adopt all the dogs
should I
threw up a cheesy gordita crunch at work
spit in my mouth
I cut part of my finger off at work today and couldn't find it. someone's gonna accidentally eat people
I have eaten and thrown up so many pickles today
@PornoOnMute do what now
I blame the cute guy that works at the liquor store for my alcoholism
my dog barks and thinks someone is here whenever my phone rings because the only person that calls is the delivery guy
@TangelClappin food club dr wow
a married couple tried to threesome me I've finally made it
@TangelClappin I gagged at the thought
trying not to throw up in my uber
I just dropped my large baja blast I wish I was dead
@meghhannblakee
if u post pictures or talk about ur pregnant animals I'm going to judge and delete u immediately
hungover in the clothes I woke up in covered in dog hair at the dentist happy valentine's day
I know you didn't mean it
pls lord give me the strength to not cut my bangs short and straight across amen
boy: tells me about his day which includes working out me: ate taco bell in bed earlier today
@PornoOnMute pls no
I can't drink or smoke without becoming ill. I wonder if this is what happens when people pray for you
going to the dentist for the first time in ~10 yrs on tues I hope they don't just give up and yank out all my teeth
shitting black velvet
fuck I love shia labeouf
please stop talking to my dog
@cchelc good thing since I won't be able to afford birth control anyway
very sad today
every single egg in my uterus is drying up and dying at the thought of coming alive during a trump presidency
craft party tomorrow night to make signs for Saturday's women's match in St. Paul!!
@meghhannblakee true!!
I just had to heimlich someone and wasn't very good at it thank fucking fuck he did not die
I made food and coffee for lizzo today nbd
@keannapoop
@TomiLahren @jubear720 she deleted it so fast https://t.co/kX6ceSGRx2
@Tia_Dickerson rasam, paneer tikka, samosas, asparagus soup and sid gave me a veg byrani
I just spent $60 on indian food for just myself
I can't sleep because I can only mouth breathe fml
@meghhannblakee when I read this I imagined this kind of boy shorts https://t.co/1oWBEI4CXi
where can I go ice skating near minneapolis
there's nothing quite like having a hand full of your dog's shit when the weather is this cold. it's kind of nice. thanks dog
lmaooo @iamcardib https://t.co/F6lNiUrllC
a new diet trend where you can only eat condiments
I've got a big fat fucking bone to pick with you my darling
my grandparents got me a relient k cd in middle school when I was super emo
I thought my date was going pretty well until he started throwing up which is totally my thing
I sprained my thumb what a dumb injury
my coworkers got olive four different kinds of treats, a squeaky toy and a christmas sweater. spoiled brat
I ran in the snow with my dog for like 5 minutes and hurt my knee I am never having fun again
I thought I was having a bad week already but I almost just drank a fly so yeah
@cchelc that whole experience was very upsetting
I am not going to target again until after the new year goddamn
@Tia_Dickerson it was both
white people need to be stopped https://t.co/OazeW2sAt0
I can't tell if I feel like shit because I'm hungover or because I ate half a calzone that was sitting next to my bed all night
@Kordisloco rip
new tinder profile https://t.co/Igwbgr2egd
I have thrown up so many different places this year
kord "hey, I have a question" petrik
kord "can I get a side of ranch?" petrik
kord "hey, excuse me!" petrik
kord "wave your server over" petrik
every time I've super liked someone on tinder it's been on accident
I'm glad I didn't go to central so I never had to meet tomi lahren
@Kordisloco WTF and you didn't invite me
the best part about being hungover is deciding what you want to eat after you're done dry heaving
I hate tzatziki sauce almost as much as I hate the beatles
@cchelc I have now barfed at a dentist's office and so far it's been my favorite place to barf would recommend
eating pepto bismuth like candy and trying not to throw up neon bile Y do I drink everything about me is weak especially my stomach!!
I want to catch the mouse in my house humanely but then whAt?? it's freezing outside. I'm gonna have to keep him
@TheHerbivorousB @PLNTBSD need!!
I'm tired of bullshit hippies telling me not to be angry
crying with my boss abt trump
I'm so sleep deprived I cried because my mom's pet bird didn't like me
didn't sleep last night, was at MSP by 3am and now I'm waiting in chicago for my flight to leave at 8:30 I wish I were dead
a giant truck turned the wrong way down a one way and we nearly got in a head on collision happy halloween
@HilaryDuff queen of being a shit person
I made out with a dude with really long pinky fingernails tonight I need to go back to therapy
@cchelc I am jk btw I am giving her a yearly review which includes getting rid of her old way of thinking about things
I want to be rude to my racist coworker but she is getting me something for christmas
woke up still drunk and thought I had to work, got to work and was off so got drunk at work
@JakeNbakeX uGH I wish
wraps are just white people burritos
@cchelc white girl with dreads works here now what a horrible turn of events
3am listening to hold on by good charlotte and I am an adult
there is a white girl twisting her dreads at the coffee shop I work at I am so upset
setting my alarm for an acceptable time to go to tbell
@Kordisloco i have to
gas tank's on e but I'm spending my last few dollars on a pumpkin spice latte
the ground is lava
my little sister dumpster dived over 1,000 worth of tarte makeup. so proud
waiting for my coworker to go home so they don't see me eating ravioli at 9am
signed me and my sister's boyfriend up to sing wonder wall
@lancenj89 lmao right. I'll be in nc nov 4-8 come see me in the middle of nowhere and bring me to krispy kreme
I need to exercise more often. I would never survive a zombie apocalypse
went off depo. not ready for the bloodbath
is it bad that my dog runs to the door every time my phone rings because the only person that ever calls me is my delivery guy?
ppl don't deserve dogs
I hate going to the fair and my thighs hurt from rubbing together, but my job paid for me to eat a fried candy bar so it's ok
bought a ticket to nc to see my mom but mostly to get krispy kreme
I've been barfing neon yellow all morning
taking a nap in the basement of my new second job
old white lady called the cops on me and @Kordisloco for parking in a no parking zone
I wish will smith was my dad
hungover af bout to float down a river for a few hours. pray 4 me
v happy to have a job I can take my dog to work to everyday!!
@cchelc https://t.co/lowOnNuPC0
sleepy drunk me just ordered an old friends senior dog sanctuary t shirt within 2 mins of seeing an ad for it on fb
@cchelc one of the staff got to the meeting today and told me she didn't like my dog. I have never been so upset in my life!!
how can someone not like dogs???
I rly hate this kitten anybody want him
I wanted pizza but I'm going to the pizza luce block party tomorrow so I ordered a calzone
my cute manager pet my dog for like 15 minutes when he got here today and our dogs almost have the same name!! meant 2 be
spent my last 10 dollars on @tacobell, only ate half then threw up. no regrets
@Shower_Capy same
bought a $12 souvenir cup to hide $10 beers at the Twins game
chew your food for you
I put a suction cup bluetooth speaker on my forehead and now I have a forehead hickey
why does 2 gingers give me such terrible hangovers. jameson would never do this to me
@Tia_Dickerson I am a wake idk why
@Tia_Dickerson I am wake wat up
idk why people like kittens so much I wish mine would fuck off n grow up already
my mom wants me to move back to the south and I'm only considering it because krispy kreme
"not all cops-" shut the fuck up.
this old white lady trying to have a racist conversation with me wtf
@DylanStasch you're welcome. I didn't want people to just show up and not know u know
the party in hell in cancelled
the party in hell in cancelled
at pride dripping sweat and dying while everyone around me remains flawless and unbothered
kittens are the worst wtf
my coworker told me she loves cops and then complimented me a bunch I'm having a lot of mixed feelings
@Shower_Capy SAME house centipedes are the most scary bug imo
@Shower_Capy I slept on my couch for 3 days because I saw a centipede in my room
@Shower_Capy https://t.co/FPfp4qJFzg
@cchelc why can't I get drunk and get puppies!!!
got drunk and got a kitten now I'm stuck with the damn thing for the next 20 yrs ugH
doing a kitten deal in a grocery store parking lot
@Kordisloco get out of there
@Kordisloco I wish can u get one pls
@Kordisloco I've been dreaming about puppies only mine was a chihuahua
rly sad I'm not on my way to see ke$ha
my friend I haven't seen in almost ten years is in town!! because he got stabbed. but he's in town!
saw the most beautiful redhead today
my boss goes out of the country on vacation once a year I can't wait to take his job
I've had my position for two weeks and I've already had someone quit on me wtf
@ThaUglyTwin now I'm tha ugly twin
can't wait for wine and nap time
haven't smoked a cigarette since saturday, is accidentally quitting a thing
have a job I enjoy
I have used half a checkbook in over three years and have a box full of them with a really old address
I forgot to put on mascara before my first day at my new job I'm surprised they didn't change their minds
@amcdnldx I waited almost two hours!! then i removed them
how long does another person's laundry have to sit in the dryer before it is acceptable to remove it??
@cchelc I've also eaten a whole pizza today for the first time and the two are related
I've almost drank a liter of jameson today and I start training for a super professional job tomorrow
need to buy a laptop to play the sims
tried to take my acrylics off myself but couldn't get all the glue off so I just painted over it
@cchelc and I don't have to report petty misdemeanors!!
got an assistant program manager position which I didn't even apply for at an organization I've never worked for!! cool
the only thing that gives me butterflies https://t.co/EpHYSwqJn1
wore my shirt that says "can't we fuck and still be friends" to ihop on mother's day
first day back in rapid and I've already been drinking all day
if you get a dog and then give it away I'm judging you
moving into my new apt. when I walked down the street for coffee I saw 3 whole different dogs holy cow
I've embarrassed myself twice today. u won't see me until 2017
I've been watching forensic files all day and I didn't think it was possible for me to be more afraid of white men but here I am
I hope aaron carter plays aaron's party tonight
our uber driver kept turning the wrong way down one way streets
went to my interview super hungover now I'm at walmart buying 6 different kinds of beverages
I want to live in a house with a big yard and adopt senior dogs
in a bar full of rich white people whose bffs all need to throw up. I need to go home
@cchelc @RyanPoptart our uber driver has flames on his fedora
ON HIS FEDORA  https://t.co/akwsjoZr7B
our uber driver has flames on his hat
@jennischofield sobbing
prince :(
why they tryin to let a manson family member out of jail
full of jameson and flamin hot cheetos need tums
karaoke on a monday is so serious. they here every monday
@RyanPoptart my god
@cchelc he looks really sad too like he knows but he has to wear it
@RyanPoptart you're lying
there is a man sitting right next to me wearing a plaid fedora
basement was so good
@xcassclay same
biked to the bar and I guess I live here now because my legs and butt are stuck to the chair
my new boo I haven't met. love at first window roll down  https://t.co/jCLh5gB40O
if I'm drinking something that's not water at work there is alcohol in it
@JakeNbakeX kay cool
@JakeNbakeX
@JakeNbakeX I'll bring the tequila
@JakeNbakeX c u there
seeing basement monday cool
got f'd on my bday and went on an "adventure" which was literally just getting lost and wading in nasty garbage water lake
I hate kids. I can't accept that I am capable of making one
the sound of children screeching outside is going to make me throw up
it's my birthday and warm enough to wear short shorts I am content
I was being a little bitch and got a 'tude with my manager and he apologized to ME lmao
a 7 foot goliath man keeps standing in front of me. I must be at a christian rock concert
drinking tea and whiskey simultaneously before underoath because I need to be drunk and also caffeinated
I'm waiting to get my hair cut and I may be drunk, but I think the man on the phone next to me said "what that mouth does"
get your nails done before going to your serving job if you want them to look like shit
@xcassafrasx I got a couple actually. thank you though!! just come see them again :)
@xcassafrasx okay!! I can mail you $$ and a cute note. chelcmoreno@live.com
I NEED AN EXTRA UNDEROATH TICKET
ya'll claim to be about things, but I never see your face when it matters
@cchelc I quit the first one because I didn't want to work everyday. ugh
my last day at my current full time job is thursday and I have an interview for another full time position friday.
I met a lovely greek woman at AA and now she is texting me and sending me selfies
white people scare the shit out of me
2 giant mimosas deep at work and ordered pizza. pls fire me
@jennischofield dang no thx
iso someone to pay my 1000+ bills monthly
@jennischofield on Nicollet in mpls. I couldn't find anywhere solid to go on the west coast
quit my job that pays a ton and got approved for a $900 apartment lmao kill me
went to my first aa meeting today and had to buy a bottle of jameson afterwards
