We can't dissociate it anymore than white people can do it with the stars and bars. It's in the etymological \"constitution\" so to speak.
Is how we all feel. Black people make it cool, and white people try to steal it and fail and everyone follows suit. And says Nigger(nigga)
It's just such an easy word to say like... All the time. Maybe that's indicative of society more than anything. Everyone needs to say it...
I can say it all day. It's such an expressive word, and idk why. Or I do, and that's the problem.  but, niiggaaa, did you hear bout Trump?
Like that, it isn't cool to try to flip it. We should just all stop using it. But damn I love rap music. And saying nigga. I do! Hmmm.
It would be along the same lines. Words are just symbols to mean something, much like a flag. So if that word means subhuman or something...
make the symbol itself inherently racist no matter who uses it or how it is slightly altered? To me it does. I gotta put it away.
Like if black people exclusively held onto the confederate flag and white people couldn't use it or they would be racist, doesn't that just
In retrospect, it's really hard to talk about the confederate flag, but also use the N word for each other. I do it too. Doesn't add up.
@SeeMuralsNMusic there are people I make a point of always seeing when I go home. And he's included. But I'm for sure gonna be like, wtf?!?!
@SeeMuralsNMusic like we are still friends. He flew out here. A white dude! Flying out to Howard to chill. We are really family tbh.
@SeeMuralsNMusic oh I still think that we are friends. When I go home I'm for sure going to call my boy out. Cuz this is bullshit.
He's a puppet who would be better served on Fox News. https://t.co/qDIhUuveOk
Maybe I'll stop being small and focus on how awesome last night was.
I didn't mean the kiss blowing. But I feel discarded, like for real. Of course I'm being selfish. I like seeing families created.
It's like I'm the twin now who can't get invited to mutual friends weddings. And now I learn our other bestie is married too. Fml. 
I even told my bro about a wedding last minute so we could both go. I can't even. Like I can't. Fucking. Even.
Idk, I guess it's not about me, but I just feel forgotten about. And that is about me. But people are different and I have to accept it.
I spent a whole summer at his house, and he wasn't even there. It was just his mom and I. I helped her build a shed out back.
My brother was the best man in our mutual friends wedding. Note: I was friends with him cuz of C. But I didn't get an invite even.
I would never not invite my besties I grew up with. It wouldn't even cross my mind.
Like all the weddings I don't get invited to. Oh well. But not really. It was like two weeks ago. Now I don't know what to say.
My best friend from back home got married. I would've loved to have found out about it. I'm so hurt and angry. We been down since 2nd grade
Freedom from all oppression. Freedom for all people
More... Black. #DUH I WOULD LOVE TO SEE AN HU ALUM BE THE FIRST PRESIDENT!!! *smoothes clothes* I'm sorry for yelling.
We Cut off half the population from being dope as fuck. And it's changing now. But we still need a female pres. Not Hilary. More radical.
Imagine walking around alone and possibly being sexually assualted. As a man we can't fathom that. As a woman it's very real. Sad.
We would be ready to go to jail for shooting the guy who thought those things.  But we excuse ourselves when there is no excuse. Oi vei.
Like, we just minimize them to tits &amp; ass and a vagina. Like come on. We have mothers. And sisters. How would we feel if it was done 2 them?
Men, could be better. That's the nicest way to say it. We really don't have to pretend to be oversexed and the like. It's a bit much.
I'm not strong enough to be a woman, and I've been through some stuff(which I shouldn't have all shares on here, but eff it) but 
I couldn't be a woman. Men are terrible. We are terrible fucking creatures. I think I'm a pretty nice guy. But I'm a savage sometimes smh
Time to use my voice for good.
It's all about making a difference. At least to me.
I was talking to this older gentleman on my way to my non profit meeting and he gave me his card to book me for speaking engagements. #dope
Amped for this day. I got a race and labor meeting later
So it would be better to fight to change this than to quit and walk away.
But I'm a fighter. Rather, I'm a survivor. I got hit by a car and then broke my leg. I was walking two weeks later. #dopeaf
I should join this society that oppressed people and hurts the planet. I would rather live in the woods and start a commune.
Storms are worse. Heat is worse. Cold on the E coast is worse. But I should rejoin this society that almost killed me and others.
I will never get over living in Anarchy. Especially since society has no intentions of slowing this down. Each summer gets worse.
Simple meat Cooked over a fire. Simple farming. Simple life. Healthy life. Healthy love. Healthy death. That's all I want really.
African or Native American. Pick one. I love nature. I love being outside. I'm very complex. But I love simplicity. It's my thing.
And their lack of awareness keeps them and us fucked too. We are all in this together. I would rather live like my ancestors.
So now I look for it more on my own. Got stolen legacy, they came before Columbus and other books. Excited to read them. And learn more.
I never learned as much about my history as I did with him. He instilled in me a sense of black pride which I will always have.
The love and college experience I got at HU was much better. The Af am history was much better.  @AfricanaCarr is a life changer.
I'm a much better black person for having attended two hbcus. Xavier was more on point financially and educationally. By far.
Also, integration was a terrible thing for black people. We stopped supporting our own and looked to white people for acceptance.
Money isn't necessary to live or build a society. Just saying. Think different.
The ancient Incan civilization had a population of 12 million people and provided everyone with food and work. No money existed there.
#hu bitch! Whoops, I mean... you know. You Know! https://t.co/jZZF5e8yDQ
If one more person sees something differently, I've done my job. If I can add one ally. I've succeeded. And I have.
I feel like people use the Internet for so much. But not to learn. It's so strange. But it's your life. It's your experience.
All life has purpose. All life. There is no hierarchy. None
I try to stop killing things. I have maybe 20 or so mosquito bites on me. That means 20 or so moms have food to make babies. Yup
But somehow they have the \"right\" answer. Let me live my life and don't worry about my soul. Help some poor people outside the U.S. I'm good
Hell isn't even a Christian concept. It's used for fear mongering. There isn't a hell. So much Christianity is pagan. A lot actually.
Come to my church! Be saved! Jesus died a long time ago. I'm saved, whether I realize it or not. He died for everyone. Everyone
But If Muslim people were as pushy as Christians here, Christians would be mad. So mad. It's religious privilege. So annoying.
And then you push your beliefs on me. I'm way way, past Christianity. I actually try to walk like Christ. Do you? And I'm not even Christian
Get your bible quotes away from me. Your quotes didn't keep black people free. Literally the opposite. Literally.
You just say pray to God. Welp, I am God. A part of God. Who do I pray to? The answer is just pray. What? I'm not Christian.
You just say pray to God. Welp, I am God. A part of God. Who do I pray to? The answer is just pray. What? I'm not Christian.
Do you study it? Do you look at the history of your religion and how it came to you personally? Do you get the purpose? Doubtful
I'm not Christian anymore. But Christians continue pushing their beliefs on me. Like, leave me alone. You only read the bible.
People don't know shit, call me out for knowing shit, and won't even look at shit when I try to educate them. But I'm wrong. 
We aren't that unique but we are in regards to cutting off so many pieces of our humanity. And who does it serve? Not us. Not at all
And women are looked at as weak for feeling? Or looked at as whores for being horny? That's so dumb. It's a human thing.
That's why people reject so much and we are hurting. Who said men can't feel? Because animals have feelings. But human men can't?
It shouldn't be about sex. Not at all. There are weak men and women. Submissive men and women. You can't put a role on someone and it b ok
Gender roles are stupid. Dominance can occur no matter what's between your legs . There are alpha males and females.
No real effort has gone to stamp out racism and it must happen. It has to if we are going to call ourselves united. It's ridiculous.
How are people learning to be racist and who/what is teaching racism to them? These are questions that must be asked and answered.
What white people don't understand is they've made a racist society that in turn makes them racist now too. Racism is learned
It's all just a process. So, look at the process and look at who it serves and who it doesn't. Change what you can.
Because that is ultimately where we come from. Eventually this planet will be sucked into a black hole. The process will start over.
We eat star energy and use it for energy too. To power our entire industrial way of life. Because we come from that. We look to the stars.
The second is energy. Oil, gas, coal. It's all decayed plants. Which are carbohydrates(with N) held together by sunlight. We run off it too
Stay with me. We eat plants, fruits and animals. It is all photosynthetic energy ultimately. So solar energy. We need it to live. Two ways.
Planets come from a molecular cloud. Star dust if you will. We come from the planet and ultimately from that dust. We are star children.
I feel better. Now, on to my mantra.
It's fun I get it. But it creates life. That can not be stated enough. Life. And a lot of us just mess around. No care of consequences.
I use condoms because I don't want my child to hurt like I did. I yell at my friends when I hear them being so cavalier about sex.
Some people have much better relationships, some much worse, but it could have been avoided. All the pain. Be responsible. Men and women.
C: feed her plan b without her knowing. Coward. D: live with the consequences. I say that with an absent dad .
Because if she preggers, you have 4 options. A: kill her. Women are most likely to be murdered when pregnant. B: run away. Coward
It's great! But serious. Don't fuck her If you're not gonna wrap it up. Don't do it if she ain't on the pill.
As black men we have to respect women enough to be honest with them and us. And we have to be adults about sex.
When you don't have a father, but you know your dad. Father's Day hurts. It does. So much pain. So much absence.
I'm currently looking up molecular cloud formation to fully keep my esoteric philosophy rooted in fact
Aha! Eureka! Huzzah! I have figured out, life, the universe and the like. And it is based in science. It is enlightenment.
Now to find some food.
Anything less than taking care of life you created is unacceptable. If you didn't want a woman pregnant. Wrap your fucking dick up.
If you have a child and aren't in a relationship, you better burn down hell to see your kid. You fucking better.
I'm just gonna shout out all my friends who are real fathers. This day is for you.
Hmmm to update my fbook for Father's Day... I guess that would require being a father... I have a dad. Not quite the same
@vicenews @nnwitt can we fire him? This racist man has surely held the fate of black people in his hands
@Sidnplay damn. And it's 60 years later. And racism died with the civil rights movement let white people tell it
But if they have it. We should too.
How is your food? Oh you wanna know history? White people sold slaves here. Enjoy your fucking steak frites. Garce. Mon dieu
And people just fucking gloss over it. I worked at a place that was a slave auction. It is now Poste. You think I didn't let people know?
Not when white people are changing slavery around in American history books. I'm looking @ you #TX it's a terrible institution.
@Sidnplay the African holocaust museum in Wisconsin. And one in Fredericksburg VA. That's all I saw. Not enough. Not even close
We need slavery museums in every major city here.
If we don't keep our history, who will? If we don't show them how FUCKED UP SLAVERY WAS, they will continue to lie to themselves. And us.
Jewish people won't let anyone forget it. We don't have museums. They need to be interactive so people really know. We have to do this.
I googled slavery museums. I saw two. There are holocaust museums all over America. The African holocaust should be everywhere too.
Do slavery museums exist in the U.S.?
Fucking duh! Now let's use this to distract us from institutionalized racism. Cuz that's what's happens https://t.co/pVAtuZoFIM
I wonder, if you put a loaded gun to Rachel Dolezal and said you are only killing black people... Which race would she claim?
And fuck capitalism. Fuck it all to hell.
People be like, money? I'm rich in love and relationships. #foh I eat. I pay bills. I'm good. Money is capitalism anyway.
My homies that do art are such an inspiration. An inspiration to live your dream. And it's time to live.
I'm happy. I love my life. I love the work I do. And I'm going to do so much more. #dontbelievemejustwatch
You don't get to make that joke. Not when some living people have seen and ran from lynchings. WE ARE NOT THERE YET!
This black kid on my fb had a pic wit him and a black girl. Title strange fruit... Hanging. Something's wrong with him. I had to call it out
Don't enjoy it, and don't let it happen again.
It's gross, and disgusting. But it's yours. My people died. You WILL LOOK AND SEE YOUR UGLY HISTORY! Eat it. The bitter pill of racism.
I will MAKE YOU EAT IT! As we have eaten bullets and terrorism and state sanctioned violence against blacks. Eat your history!
I prolly won't get likes for my slave pic on fb. But hell white people will look at it. I will throw this fucking history in your face
And then you look at black people and wonder why we are mad! Gtfoh. This is why black people hit white people. Stop being complicit.
We know. We see it. Everywhere. A few people do. Most don't give a flying fuck. And that's wild. Like wild! So unashamedly ignorant.
But to racism exclusively. White people act like we oeno they don't really fuck with us. What is it like 9/10 ppl have all white friends.
Wow. Powerful words https://t.co/WowG1tbh5x
Because just as we fight to know it, people fight to make us forget. They have been winning. Let's stop that.
We fight us until we make us see that there is no them. There is only humanity. We have to fight for this. To know this. And never stop
Because you have to have that H&amp;M shit. I have H&amp;M. So i wept. I wept because I no I'm just as bad as Dylan roof. And his roommate.
Kids get maimed because you want the dope at cheapest stuff. You get it. They can't even get an education. Adults die in accidents.
You can't buy so much stuff and think it doesn't affect people around the world. It does. Sneaker heads. Clothes addicts and the like.
Like people are ok being sleep and letting other people die. That's crazy. BLACK PEOPLE. I'm talking to you specifically.
Against it and say, nah, imma just do me. Shut up. If your parents just did them you wouldn't be born. We got to help each other.
So I wept. My pain at racism and the war on drugs and the toll it takes abroad hurts me. It really really does. And people steel themselves
If you're not a part of the solution you're part of the problem. So stop it. But it's so hard to stop because we are all caught up.
Black people be chilling too. Get out of these corporations. They weren't made for you or for any human being.
But I'm sane. Well PTSD excepting lol. Also don't lump us mentally ill people in with mass murderers. That's not right or ok. But i digress
I would rather live off the land than keep of this disgusting farce that kills everything. And I'm sure people are like you're crazy.
We must change. This is why I want to go to Nicaragua. Because I must change. I have to, if I want to live with who I am. And be happy
We have to change for the world to become better. For we are the world. And we have ignored it all to our peril for too long.
Of death and destruction of the planet and all of its inhabitants, and we lie to ourselves and say it's ok. No it's fucking not. It's NOT
All you have to do is stop. But we can't even without a massive paradigm shift. So I wept. We have wrapped this web of fire and ash round us
Not with stocks and bonds. Not with #BOA accounts. They got rich from slaves. Stop it.
I wept for being complicit in the death of people I will never know. None of us have clean hands. Not holding a cell phone.
How do I make people care? There is no I. There is a we. You aren't an island. You are not. And neither am I. So I wept. I wept for the dead
How do I convince people the choices you make really do have consequences all over the world? And not for the better.
Your way of life kills people. Stop it. My way of life kills people too. So I cried. I cried because, what can I do? What can I?
Talking bout making money like it doesn't lead to people not having shit and dying around the world. Stop it. Your money kills people.
We don't have 4 seasons in 3 month intervals, and niggas is eating beef talking bout getting cars. Stop it. You are part of the problem
And now the ex slaves live in the filth that is this capitalism. I cried like a baby. Because it really fucking hurts. It really does
Panama. Ecuador. Guatemalan El Salvador. Mexico. The list continues. The world has been destroyed by the capitalism slavery created.
We don't make anything here really. Everything we get is from exploitation. It just stopped being just niggas and moved around the world.
We act like the clothes we wear don't keep people poor and in dangerous situations in India. Like our oil thirst doesn't destroy the ME.
I legit just bawled my eyes out for like ten minutes. I had to. It's too much. This can't continue. None of it. None. Of. It.
@whoudini_ indeed there is. I have faith but I'm not religious.
@true_intent don't do it. Pools are a trap for black people now.
How does this bastard not be charged with terrorism? Oh, we black. We're not really citizens here so it's cool. But it ain't tho
Jews for Muslims for Christianity. It's a trinity too. Hmmm.
You're not more favored than an atheist or a drug addict. But your religion does divide you. Stop it. Come together. Duh.
Muslims, Jews and Christians all worship the same God. They don't even dispute it. And they kill each other. Because they are 'favored'
Im tired of religious people. 2000 plus years of religion, and this is where we are at? Fail. Mega epic fail.
I'm not going to keep explaining clear racial inequities to people. It really is as simple as black and white. Get ur heads out of the sand
And not every black person is an ally. And they fucking suck too. Imma dip outta this place. Fuck this shit. FUCK THIS SHIT
And yes I fucking know not all white people. But too many don't do shit. And that means they fucking suck too.
White people quote MLK like they go to integrated churches and have black friends. They don't give a fuck about him or his dream
Arrrghhhhh!!!!! I'm so fucking mad. I haven't been this mad in a while. I need good vibes. This country is always tripping.
I'm trying not to be angry. But I'm pissed. I'm angry enough to tear down the U.S. And make it what it should be. Whose down?
@EOsays I love you. You're one of the people that definitely helped. Your outlook on life is so mature.
@EOsays that's the emotional baggage I left with. And then I came here. I think most people would feel the same. But I've grown a lot.
@EOsays my friend from XU left me with his bmw full of shit. His guitar was in d front seat. Think about that. I coulda died cuz of a guitar
@EOsays Howard has its issues. But I love you all and the school. None of my friends here would have let me die in Katrina.
@EOsays I honestly should have taken time off for mental health, but I was only focused on school. I came here, crazy. Literally
@EOsays I left the most massive hurricane in American history. And I literally saw my family and came back to school.
I have wonderful friends, and I'm so so so so happy I went to Howard. My refuge after the storm. I love my alma mater. You don't even know
My bro saw my tweets and thought I was angry. I haven't been angry in a while. I've been happy for a while too. Just trying to grow.
Ask in life, who does this serve, and what does it serve? Does it speak to our base self or higher self? And feed your higher self more.
Men don't even realize their own emotions. And before you die you're like, ah shit, I lived life wrong. You don't have to be like that.
Life is so short, and we all spend it on bullshit that won't matter when you die. Women spend billions on makeup. Materialism is so real.
One person said I was intense and should chill. But I don't like having fake conversations. It's a waste of time. And time is important.
No one on basketball wives should be famous. No one. Not for making my black queens look so foolish. I can't deal. Really I can't.
So pull it together. Support people positively. To support such a hateful show isn't to support black people. It isn't.
And black people have viewing parties and support this visual racist as fuck garbage. Wake up. We don't have those freedoms yet. We don't.
We used to have the Cosby show, hanging with Mr Cooper and the like. Positive black shows. Now we have VH1. Gtfoh. Entirely.
I forgot to add bitch. Yeah the words are harsh, but the media is harsh to us too. And we patronize this BS. That's not being aware.
And the fact that you didn't think it was prudent enough to stop all the shows. That's fucking dumb. You're still a hoe ass nigger to some.
Let me be clear, I don't know or care which sorority is or isn't on that failed show. I do care about the historical depiction of blacks
All these coon ass shows depicting black women, watched by black women. And when an aka sees an aka cooning, all hell breaks loose.
Which means it's really fucked up to stop one portrayal of black women, but not really. You didn't do shit. And that isn't ok.
Also, sorority sisters is off the air. But Lhh is still abound. In places like Spokane and Vt, white people dont know the difference.
Like with his influence he can fully realize black people his roles. He never has. We can't support this bullshit.
Fuck my mom be watching bullshit. I love her though.
We gotta stop supporting Tyler perry if he keeps using his influence for one dimensional shit. It's so ridiculous.
We have to stop using Al Sharpton. He was a government informant. Never cool.
Queens make kings. Protect our kingmakers.  https://t.co/NU8nOY1hRK
That's all I gotta say. Give a head nod and more respect to our sisters. Because racism and sexism HAS 2 suck. Double oppression? No thank u
We are in it together, and society is based off of women. If women are shat on, how will they raise kids well? They just raise shitty kids
I bet he knows. I bet he doesn't call her a hoe or a bitch or anything. I bet they lift each other up. I bet that did that 2 the White House
She would never hear the end of it,\nFrom guys or girls. Like sex isn't as natural as breathing. We gotta do better. We got to.
Neither of them are married. They aren't bad guys, but they don't have girlfriends or anything. But if a woman had 100 partners. Ooo wee
Stop calling women hoes &amp; sluts. Humanize them. I have two male friends that have each slept with 100 women. That is nothing to be proud of
And the like. No need to prop up a system that even allows the exploitation of our women. Stop calling women bitches. Humanize them.
Give black ladies the black head nod. And stop being so ridiculous. We were all slaves. No need to parade our queens around in music vids
I say that to say if you can't treat a woman with respect the ENTIRE time you engage her for the digits, you don't deserve them.
Seriously, seriously, gtfoh. If you can't get a ladies number and her mother is around, you prolly don't deserve it.
I know we do love and take care of our sisters, but they need a head nod too. And we need to stop catcalling. Like you don't have a mother.
Like we can get our ass beat by cops. Women get the same. And can get raped. That at least deserves a fucking head nod. Right? RIGHT!!!!
Black women experience all the racism we do, and then add sexism on top of that. It's quite fucked up really. They deserve that head nod.
It's a sign of solidarity. Like, I'm in the struggle too. I get it. Keep on pushing. Don't let the man get you down. 
I'm going to talk to my black men for a second. Why doesn't our head nod extend to black women? I don't get it. I love the head nod, I do
But that isn't the agenda of the corporatocracy. Or plutocracy or oligarchy. Plutocratic oligarchy?
We torture people, and don't help the poor. But we claim righteousness. Right. It's not a judgement, just an observation. We should change
How does America claim to be moral? We kill ourselves for profit. Trees. Land. Air. Water. And other countries. I don't get it.
It's always a lawyer. Fucking always. Dios mio
I hope this account is fake. But I kinda don't too.
@_RachelDolezal it's not even a real account. Like the hate mail or noose you sent yourself. All false. I pray for you.
@_RachelDolezal if it's not about that, why the fuck did u lie &amp; change your skin color and hair? Which don't make you black. Maybe #racist
@_RachelDolezal u can't be racist to yt ppl. You should have learned that at our alma mater. It's not a thing. Neither is #transracial #FOH
I'm trolling this antiKMTian Saharan dry weave having fool. You don't get a mental health pass from me either. I live w/ ptsd.
Shut the fuck up! This is totes a joke.  https://t.co/RNMYnFibIG
@_RachelDolezal solidarity and putting on blackface aren't the same thing. Be a white ally, dummy. Tim wise does it well. Robin dangelo too
Sad
I'm a hard worker and take pride in it. I literally can't physically do it and that sucks. And able bodied peeps want me to work. Selfish
But that's angry me, I don't even feel that way. The first few tweets yeah. But it's incredibly hard for me to not be able to work.
Like my leg is most likely still broken in the literal sense(technology is fucking dope) and you want to chill. Muhfugga 4 whet?
And it's not like people are working 60 hour weeks. It's 30- 40 max. Like how selfish and myopic. You serious? #theyare
I literally walk with a limp. And I got 4 requests from 3 people to work their shift. Like, what? I walk with a fucking limp!!!! #gtfoh
Fuck I shouldn't of picked up this shift. I'm trying to keep my word more. But my coworkers are so lazy. Like it hurts me.
Is it difficult though, or nah? My #hualum is crazy. Others try to be white for safety. And that's sane af https://t.co/0DKB1pZkSq
I prolly started a lot of shit on fb with my comments. Just sharing thoughts. I hope I didn't. That wasn't my plan
I say that to say that let your voice be heard. As long as you aren't speaking bullshit.
Because of my status updates, my friend is working to join the PD as a white ally. Literally. And that's dope. As FUCK
You never know who is listening on social media and you don't know how people are affected. I've helped opened eyes and hearts. #dope
If you have to dehumanize people to define your own humanity, you are a monster. Plain and simple.
@Sidnplay me too! Me too. Moderation is boring. The extreme of not drinking is dope too
This is our post racial America.  https://t.co/D2tAdq6Ycc
@weedandglitter  https://t.co/F9IeirWnWo
@ShaunKing racism is lies people have told themselves so they can treat people subhuman and be at peace with it.
I just blocked a GOP tweet.\nMarked it as offensive. The GOP offends me. Consistently
@ShaunKing racism is a system working together to oppress and dehumanize people based off the false concept of race. It spares none
@Sidnplay I don't think liquor tastes good, and I'm quite studied w/ it. More so I don't get a society that mentally impairs people 4 'fun'
@Sidnplay Ikr? Infundamentally dont understand the concept of one drink. I don't get a hint of a buzz. It's a waste of time IMO.
For we all do things people don't like. Just learn and grow if you can. If you can't, that's fine. Because it isn't you. Be you. Ill love u
Think in terms of emotion. Do you want to be happy or angry? And then be it. It's all human anyway. And as a human I can't condemn another.
What j want people to do is to stop judging and realize your perfection. You can be who you want. And don't think in terms of jobs.
@Sidnplay awesome! I'm very happy for you. Its great right? No hangovers or pain or fuzzy memory. Makes me wonder why people drink @ all
@redheadpg politicians lie, although the clintons are better politicians than most. They still are beholden to corporate influence.
My whole thoughts have now changed, and I'm no longer said I lost my bestie. Thanks for walking away man, I wouldn't be here if you didn't
For myself, and through me for others. And that helps me feel a bit better. I've actually never though of it like that until now.
Me losing a bestie has ultimately altered my life and the life of a few others for the better. So did I lose, really? No. I gained life
And my path has had a direct influence on others. And my path was directly influenced by others. So it's all good. Ultimately.
So when I say be the change you want to be, I live it. I breathe it. I choose light, because I've been oh so intimate with the darkness.
And they have been inspired as well. But I couldn't have stayed sober without my friends. I'm strong, but not always. And they had my back
And now people come to me for help with drinking problems. I'm only a year sober. But I've changed. And people have seen it.
I hurt every day, and am not quite sure how to just leave it, because I miss him. But without that loss I may not have put down the bottle
So I stopped. It was oh so hard, because it's an addiction. But it's not as hard as it was losing my best friend to my alcoholism.
And I changed, when I was ready. It was like a solid 9 years of drinking too much and it got worse and I wasn't who I wanted to be.
And I changed, when I was ready. It was like a solid 9 years of drinking too much and it got worse and I wasn't who I wanted to be.
Case in point, I'm an alcoholic. Anyone who saw me drink after Katrina knows this. I put the bottle down and chose life. I'm happy about it
Give them the freedom and love and chance to do so. Be that change for them. And things will get better.
So when I see people I think we are all family, and we should do right by each other. If someone does wrong, it's ok. They can change.
And the wisdom is amazing. I see old black people as family. But I have a white grandma. Same thing. I'm part Mexican. Family.
And they are probably the most racist people here. It was cool when they were kids. But they are so cute in their wrinkles and such.
I am what you are, and you are what I am. We are the same. That is my truth I choose to live. I adore old white people, I do.
Because that is my life. Joy peace and love. Everyone is as great as me, even if you don't choose that. Because we are all one.
I'm great because I choose to be. I choose love, peace, and joy. Those are great things to be. I choose that, regardless of my life.
No, no no. People say you need inequality for greatness. Why not just be great? I am. And I say it without ego or bragging.
What's the point of gaining the world and losing your soul? This is what competition and inequality fosters IMO.
Also, we have to get rid of the idea of wins and losses and competition and inequality. It's silly. Because we are all one.
Kids show love. Like toddlers see you sad and hug you. All the time. If people were bad this would happen almost never instead of often.
But there is nothing better than the blank slate of humanity. Because you see how good people really are. That's why parents love it.
Religion has ruined us. We think we are inherently bad and sinful. No we aren't. If we were babies would be vile disgusting creatures.
@redheadpg Hillary and Bernie should run together. Pres and VP. Bernie should be pres. Clinton has too much big money influencing her...
In any case, we need racial conciliation, and not from black people. We didn't create the problem, so we shouldn't fix it. IMHO of course
But we have made it real, just like money is real. And no other animals uses money to live here. But I've talked about that before
Literally literally. It's crazy. So when police kill black people it's like cutting your nose to spite your face. It's a false division.
At the most basic level of physics, there is only energy.  None of it is distinguishable from the other. We are energy manifested into life
The murderer and the victim. I love all people, because we are ultimately all one. Scientifically. It's like the matrix when code pops up
With that being said, Namaste. I am trying to come from a place of love all the time. So I love the cop and the black person.
People to being good instead of punishing them. Shame and guilt are learned behaviors (as evidenced in the Adam eve story) lets unlearn it.
We are good and bad, but we only punish bad. That's silly, for the most part. Without bad? Good wouldn't exist. So let's just redirect
I hate the fact that I have to remind people that I as a black man am human. People forget it. People also forget our complexity.
And black people sometimes are so hurt we no longer want to be family with WP. And we all lose. All of us are human. Duh. DUH DUH!!!!!
To our black little brothers and sisters. Our white brother is so angry he doesn't know we are all family.
So many questions, and all I'm left with is this guy is incredibly racist and unhappy in his life and he just transferred that energy
I am in no way blaming children for this, but still I wonder. Because the kids were angry, and rightfully so. What if a WP helped? What if.
What if all the kids asked him why he was so angry? What if they started talking to him, would he talk back? (It is not the kids fault)
Because its clearly not in his heart. What would have made him most happy at that moment? Hmmm. I wonder.
But I'm all for peace, love and joy. The racism in that video was none of the above. How do I return that to the officer? Peace, joy love?
What if all the military would just lay down their guns? Cops would say, this isn't right, I'm not going to do it. Things change real fast.
We can change things by walking away. If you don't participate en masse, things have to change by default. By the sheer act of leaving
If the U.S. Turned the full weight of its power against citizens. It would be unrivaled massacres. But to have an army, you need people.
Do we want a peaceful revolution or a violent one? And when will the pendulum stop?
It's coming. When the ceo makes 300 times the avg employee, it's bound to happen. And it always does. So now people have to decide.
When society becomes so unequal, a police state emerges, which is where we are at. Next is revolution. People will pour into the streets
This will continue to happen until blacks emigrate or police accountability happens. And that's not going to happen.
No one was committing any crime and you want to throw kids down and arrest them? At least you didn't shoot anyone #TamirRice but omg
That video was crazy. He straight pulled a gun out. Smart move. He was gonna get wrecked. And rightly so! Get your hands off our princess!
They don't care. So how do we make people see that anti black racism hurts white people too? That is how you end racism. And oppression
This is why I'm for leaving. I love everyone, but i can't convince who needs to be convinced. WP. If we can't personalize it to them...
A lot of the false stereotypes given to us are criminal. And jail is the new slavery. It's in the constitution.  Be aware. Be awake
How did the stereotype change? We were seen as docile and dumb. Still seen as dumb, but not docile. Why? Is it the new definition of slavery
It's interesting that black people are violent raping savages, but we used to raise white slave masters kids... Like what?
The issue I have is all the white people just chilling. No help @ all. Our lives don't matter to them https://t.co/rF3V0mZSYm
America was built by slaves and expanded by Native American genocide. Everything is about race.
@_itsvelvet yup
Accurate https://t.co/skSDmTRKGH
Be compassionate, be kind. Be gentle, be learning. Observe, but don't judge. And don't shit where you eat(stop fucking up the earth)
I say that to say one man can change the world, if only it is the world around them. Be the change you want.
But even if I don't inspire people, the planet will be cleaner. And that is enough. I noticed it took a long time for people to mess it up
Not awesome. I love nature. I'm most at peace being outside. I become more calm from literally hugging trees. They live too right?
Native Americans didn't have a concept of trash. Or waste. That's awesome. Leave only footprints. That's awesome. We leave trash.
So who is the real savage? Rape and abuse aren't things in 'primitive' societies, but are all over 'advanced' ones. So who is the savage?
Native Americans lived off the land for 12k years here. With our current way of living, we won't make it to 2150.
Death to war.
In history it burned bright and fast. The implosion is coming.
I am going to be in Africa. Until then I will call out this Bs here. And be part of the struggle. But the U.S. Is dying. A supernova
Wait, given the current climate in the U.S.... Fuck it. We should all leave and build somewhere else that cares about its people.
We want to live, comfortable, and have a little freedom in what we do with ourselves. Bam: that's the most basic of life. All life.
That's not love for the planet or ourselves. We are powerful. Power has been taken away from the many. Give it back. We are smart ppl
When it's put that way, it really changes things huh? But that's essentially what we are doing. Killing ourselves slowly. Worse than smokin
In the literal sense(like really) we are killing the planet. We are ultimately killing ourselves. This is the longest suicide ever.
I want to tear down the world. And rebuild it for the world. I want us all to do this for us.  This world isn't sustainable. You get it?
One dream though, I will fly so far, I'll see the sun. It will be great. Night all. Love happiness and peace from the inside, out.
Ciao. I'm gonna meditate and dream. Hopefully lucidly. I like flying when I dream.  I try to fly into outer space when I do. It's hard.
@MakinItRAINa lol I just call it thoughts. I want the world to b different. So I live the world I want. And I try to be honest.
And without valleys, I would have no low to appreciate the peaks. It's all that is needed in life. Which goes on.
It puts me in peaks and valleys. The valleys are the same depth. But the peaks, they get better and better. The valleys make me love the 
Imma be that for the rest of my life. And be happy. In the mix I will evolve as much as I can.  The PTSD helps, honestly.
I am slowly realizing what my life is going to be about. It's reconciliation. I'm good with uniting people. I'm a uniter. And a lover. Yeah
@MakinItRAINa !!!!  hi. Lol.
We shall see.
And in killing this we only kill ourselves. It is selfish, and it isn't loving. We should throw that mentality away and become great.
For we live on a divided planet. So we kill each other, and place hierarchies on life. We kill other life. We kill each other.
And that is how we grow and build. Together. We can even be separate together. But the togetherness, the unity matters. Always.
And we don't even need to all be on the same thing. E.g.: each finger on the hand has a role to play when gripping something. Or not.
Which is strange. You have commune plus unity which is community. To me. People sharing responsibility as one. Beautiful. Imagine that.
I'm down for unity and community. Commune: a group of people living together and sharing responsibility. Community is less than commune.
At least, the genuine warmth in my heart is outwardly shown, and then returned. Its unity. It's important. Can't have community w/o it.
So their legs are my legs. Which is great, because in turn my happiness becomes theirs.
As an example, let's go back to the crutches. Aside from walking, it's like I have legs. All my family and friends have held me DOWN!
I love myself. &amp; I love you. For we are one. I will only seek to love all, and love myself through all. And through loving myself, love all
We are all we have. That is my mantra. That is what I'm pushing til I cross the river Charon to go through it all again.
I was up late being myself. Making sure that someone wasn't alone in a time of need. I was (8/29/05) and I'll not leave others alone.
Up late silently experiencing the infinite without and within. And watching tv. Reflecting. Thinking.
At least I try. So I will also exude that. With that being said. I have stuff to do when I wake up and haven't gone to sleep.
But also it sneaks up on me. I'm grounding myself again and I like it. I'm centering myself in love. I will always be in a place of love.
This is the sickest year I've had in my entire life. So? None of that stops my happiness. Happiness is a choice. Sometimes a hard one
Once you are you can do. Not do to are(be) I can't walk straight. I have used crutches for two weeks come Saturday.
In any case, I'm so happy. Now I'm tired. But I'm happy. No reason to be. No reason not to be. Just am. Don't need much to be. Just be
I think that makes it less real for me. Still addictive, but when I put down twitter I don't talk about it irl. Hmmm
I forget about followers. I forget about Twitter. Social media is mostly for reading and talking. Not as much conversing.
Never stop the chase. What you do to start a relationship both sides have to work to maintain  https://t.co/PrNFa2VfTy
I keep calling Riley Curry Riley Cooper. That's messed up... But so funny.
If this is gonna be the finals... Fuck yeah!!!
@ABlackTV lol. Who's the genie then?
Every fucking day. Where is the middle finger emoji?  https://t.co/0Z5UIZ8ivK
Cancer is the fucking worst! #thatisall
@TheOneBMiller hahahahaha.
Have a similar mindset. I think. Idk. Some religion definitely does, to add credence, I guess? But live and let live.
I didn't do that by killing those insects. I will learn. Because I don't like feeling like this. And I want to evolve. I think Buddhists
Don't deserve those same rights. Why living things don't deserve those same rights. Living things want to keep living. We should allow it.
All human lives matter. But humans don't live on our own, nor could we. And when we speak of human rights, it's hard to separate why animals
And all human lives do matter,but because black people are unjustly treated and killed, we have to focus on us.
As black people, we have a movement started in my city called the black lives matter movement. White people responded with all lives matter
That other living things play. All lives matter. This is the ultimate ending of that conclusion. Ride with me on crazy train for a minute.
But really, humans lives are interconnected with the lives of everything. We all have a role to play. I don't need to stop the roles
*Cue the Aquarius song and break out the hippies *lol
I should maybe be less philosophical. But I'm just trying to grow mentally. See the beauty and connection in all.
@TheSuperlative it's one of the excuses white supremacy has used to treat us savagely. To devalue our lives, in the literal sense.
@TheSuperlative but I'm being serious. It's most fit, not strongest. Darwinism was used to justify racism historically.
Life is intrinsically valuable, regardless of the level of evolution. We are in a closed ecosystem and all need each other to work it.
than another's? We are all in this together. If all bees die. We die. If trees die, we die. If all the things we eat die, we die!
I'm sure people are like, ok nigga, it's just bugs. But  all life has value. Who are we as living beings to think our life is more valid
I killed like 20 ants today and I really feel like a dick. I killed 20 living beings. I took their lives, their sense of purpose. .
@AriannaTheAngel so what's the point of becoming a monster to stop monsters? It doesn't help. And both sides are lost. IMO at least.
@AriannaTheAngel all humans should be treated like humans. Always. No matter what you do. You are what you do.
I don't get it. This is literally not the reason I signed up to follow you @VanPorns . But the janowskis cool https://t.co/IVglqGQwl9
@omgitsjo is that a Jewel song? Jk jk
@redheadpg i will man. I've been resting for so long, I just wanted to test out my (our) mental strength and put truth to power.
It's much better when we help each other. That's why prayer works.
We are all we have. So we have to be here for us. We can look at human history to see what happens when we do and don't act like this
@omgitsjo @redheadpg @true_intent @Mt_KiliBenjaro I took a few steps without my crutches just now. Thanks for being supportive all.
Degrees I want: M Ed, MD, JD, PhD and an MA in journalism. I want to learn and do EVERYTHING. I would grind it out for 6 years to get these
@WhimsicalC loving the Avi!
To quote John Mayer, I'm not worried. But damn, it sure feels good knowing people are supportive. We are all we have.
Those thoughts never popped in my mind. They did and manifested. It's different. Makes me appreciate walking. And I know I'll do it ASAP.
Tbh, I've been dreading an injury like this for the last few months, which is strange. I've been skating for the better part of a decade
We both saw each other with the crutches. And then we threw them down and supported each other while we walked. It was dope.
I should say that last night I had a dream I was walking with someone who had the same injury as me, just mirrored.
@EOsays I think it's funny really. It's very interesting that it's the case. And it's always fun to talk to doctors and medical staff.
@omgitsjo thank you! Thank you as well @redheadpg @true_intent . I'll get er done. And most likely have to dress up 4 work. 
@EOsays Ikr? My mind is literally playing tricks on me. Like, see, the way thing is set up, lol.
Hmm. If I can get over this mental block, what other things can I push out my way. Idk. Let's see.
My muscles are shut down. Especially my quad. So, either I find a new job, which I still plan on doing, or get over this mental block
So I love me. I love you. Namaste. Peace and blessings upon you. I want what you want most for you. And me. And all of us.
I need to do it more &amp; give more love to myself. We could probably all use more self love(Cept Ye') honestly. From there, spread &amp; share it
My PTSD comes from that, and I don't want anyone to have the pain I've felt. So I give love as much as I can. As often as I can.
It's patently false, but this is what I've constructed for myself the last few years. What is real is a lack of love. I intimately get that
I've been alone. Alone so much I don't know how to be with people. Like in relationships. I just need me.
So I will take some time(I'm not really on here much anyway) and relearn love and coming from a place of that. Always. ALWAYS.
But, love is not where I was coming from. I was all angry and wrong. That's not even me. I'm happy and right. Loving at least.
If I'm wrong, I should stop being wrong once I know I'm wrong. I think it's called maturity or something. I don't get embarrassed easy.
Maybe I shouldn't be prejudging people. Mainly cuz that's the shit I don't like. But it ended all good. I be right, but I be wrong too.
Ah. Life is a yo yo. Peaks and valleys, peaks and valleys. I was so wrong on fb today and totes got called out as I should.
@HUViolet lol.
@HUViolet I'm sorry to hear that. You're beautiful. And call your mom Edgar. I hear people hate being called that.
I feel like high school kids and young bachelorettes can keep that \"brand\" afloat for awhile. Lmao @ brand
This has nothing to do with anything: will anyone go to Hot Topic in 40 yrs? Is it still a thing? Or no?
And now that I'm not in a privileged position I think about all the things I didn't notice about able bodied privilege. And it sucks rn
@Mt_KiliBenjaro was skating downhill and fell. Hairline fracture on my femur cuh http://t.co/FYCGj2T0WS
Going from being able bodied to temporarily disabled. Hmm
Trying to find the silver lining in all this. And it's easy. Cuz I'm living. It's an interesting thing to experience for sure.
As I sit here though, I try to find things to occupy my mind. Saw some great documentaries on the civil rights movement. Gonna read more
Weed is good enough for me. Pain meds are only cool when I hurt. I usually don't take NSAIDs or Tylenols. I'm a boy, it is what it is.
It's like being at a rave, I guess. In a wheelchair. Something like that. I totes see why people get addicted to pain meds. Fuck that tho
But man I'm on oxycodone 5mg and Tylenol 650 mg. great at killing pain. Tony the Tiger great. It's like being high on weed and E.
But still not being mobile sucks. If I had to do this forever I would be slightly annoyed for a bit. Then like NBD.
Le sigh. I want to crawl into a hole and die. And wake back up when my leg doesn't hurt. Well I guess resurrect would be more apt.
So who is more upset? Her? Or me? Because my food may burn
One of my coworkers is coming to my place. I gave perfect walking directions. Plus my address. My coworker walked to another metro station
I trolled my news feed. I'm interested in the comments, but I don't really believe what I said. Hahaha
Praying for Nepal. I just think of the PTSD I have from a natural disaster and my heart breaks
I hear it, and keep past it.
I'm fucking Denzel Washington in he got game. Also, sometimes people say wildly irrelevant shit, so I just ignore it.
This stress feels like a fist is squeezing my heart. It's hard to breath. I hate feeling stress. And I have an ulcer. Which is #theworst
By people I mean governments. The U.S. Government.
People look at all of the stuff online and make a profile of you. An accurate one. And they can do whatever they want after that.
So much stuff I want to say right now, but because #metadata I'm gonna keep some stuff to myself
So hungry. Too hungry to really dance. No energy to give
Good fucking night. Happy birthday to the homie Ben for his 30th.
Maybe make a tacodilla. Cuz I'm in the food industry and way more imaginative about the shit I eat.
Already did the quesarito. It was beast.
At chipotle. To get or not to get one taco.... I really just want one. And it's on the secret menu
Sometimes I tweet what I should fb. Mostly vice versa though. Fuck I'm starving
@fotosmoke have a Hendricks and tonic with a cucumber and rose petal garnish. A splash of lime turns it into heaven.
@BossManning I missed the intro. Now I gotta watch it illegally to catch it. #firstworldproblems 
It hurts my heart. He was my awesome big lil cousin, (country people are just huskier) and now time and joy has been taken.
What happened? We were little kids not that long ago with similar stories except I was a little worse off, honestly. And now we're here
My cousin got out of jail today. I'm so happy and so sad. I'm way more sad though.
Because when it's finished its out in the world and it is no longer ours. Enjoy the process, and the freedom that comes with being happy.
This world should be peaceful by now. We don't own shit! Not 1 thing. Because we are only here for a small time. We don't even own our work
And have emp guns if they robots want to take over. I'm not really kidding.
And have emp guns if they robots want to take over. I'm not really kidding.
Careers are different. But we should only work if we want to.  We don't have to to keep this lifestyle. Just automate shit.
This world is stupid. Our way of living isn't that at all. We live to work. Which is dumb. We went into space. We have satellites there. Now
We have all of this technology and know how and no want to change or be different. Jobs fucking suck. All of them.
@PatrickMichaelJ lmao. I just know guys shouldn't use emojis anymore... Stupid articles
@Sidnplay yup. Me too. Hard to leave.
But man, that would have been embarrassing. Still really funny to me.
You don't make all people yellow. But then I clicked a person... &amp; saw 5 color options... Is yellow the Asian person? Cuz it's still racist
I was about to go in on Apple because I saw all of the people emojis were yellow. I was so mad. Like, that's not how you fix it.
People helping people. Its powerful stuff.
@CapMacDC @LiveFromKenya @kjay_mar awesome. The power of Twitter.
@LiveFromKenya @kjay_mar look up food trucks on Twitter. There is more but @phowheelsdc is my favorite.
@kjay_mar @LiveFromKenya you have pho tacos? It's the same but diff.
Not feeling well. I have an ulcer. Sux. Having duck prosciutto with truffle honey and quince paste. It helps. And I have an N\\A bellini
And no one can say how do you know? If you're black you don't. So I need to dip. This country is on the outs anyway
I'm trying to not come back to the states after my bro and sis tie the knot. I'm not about to be killed by the pigs.
Imma be like latin people too. Take all the money... With me outside of the U.S. Someplace prettier where it stretches further
And it's still happening? That's dumb. Imma get outta here. Cuz America has no want to change, and I want to live. I need to dip
If we been telling the truth since Jim Crow there is nothing we can do to be believed fully. So fuck that shit. We BEEN talking bout this
I don't care today. TF I look like saying white people white people see, we are telling the truth? That's lame AF!
Toddlers flock to me. It's awesome. Little ones everywhere. So happy looking at the unbridled joy they emit. 
@ItsIrish only men are so sensitive that we cry foul when women turn us down. Honestly the friendzone idea is weak Af. We need to evolve.
@ItsIrish but it's only a concept that exists for men. There isn't anything wrong with a woman not wanting us romantically..
@wtjolley done doc. Now to think of all the wordplay.
Cool. I'm done. Gonna find some stuff on racism/sexism/homophobia/classism whatever stops us from being we and keeps us vs them.
Taking care of women and building them to their highest levels makes society better. If moms are better off so are kids. DUH.
Also, black men, we really need to protect our women. We can do a better job. We do ok. Let's do better. It only helps us. Factually
@wtjolley Jolley! Have a good day Dr. Does anyone ever call you guys dr of laws? Cuz I want to.
God is love. So be Godly in all that you do. (You really don't have a choice, just which point of God you want to represent)
Not in Christian faith. I wonder, how many people would still pray if they didn't fear hell? I don't, not really. I do. God is work.
Furthermore if God is all, that means that we are part of God. God would never be away from itself.. Or hell, could never exist
It's a basic tenet of Christianity. The omnipotence and omnipresence of God. But God's not in Hell? Hmmm. That makes no sense.
No need to attribute some shady peripheral character. How can God be everything and everywhere but evil? In Christianity God is all.
God is both light and dark. So don't condemn the dark. It serves a purpose. But if that purpose isn't for you, leave it.
And all that is bad. Satan only does stuff with God's permission, so who really controls it? I say that to say all is equal in the realm
Like to me, Satan doesn't exist. It's general Christian knowledge that God is all... But God is all that is good.
So I feel freer to learn about the spiritual aspects of all spirituality/ religion without stupid shit like blasphemy or rules attached
Muslims fight Christians fight jews like they don't all worship the same God. This is why I'm not religious. I don't label myself.
And I saw it all from black men. . But men are men, and I already know very few people use oppression to connect the oppressed.
I've been trying to be more quiet and just listen more. I've seen a lot of soft sexism doing that. Shits fucked up. Men don't know we do it
Ebony to albino, your black is beautiful! #BlackGirlsRock #always
We all receive less treatment than white people. So we are both crying foul. Let's cry foul together and stop fighting each other.
There is beauty in your blackness. Because it means strength. We as a people KNOW HOW DUMB RACISM IS. But we promote colorism. *facepalm*
And darker black people force lighter skinned people to hate their skin too. And white supremacy kills us all.
Darker people hate themselves. A lot of times lighter people do. Society forces dark people to hate their skin.
Wouldn't it make sense to divide the powerless as well to keep them that way? That's what colorism does. But we both get called nigger.
So generations of people passing to escape personal racism isn't something that can be championed? Whiteness is the victor. We know this.
Like super pasty to mahogany? And black people have all levels of pigmentation in U.S. Oh, and we passed before too.
Colorism has evidence to support its existence... Across the world. And clearly if whiteness is the top, wouldn't there be levels?
All of the information on the net... And people always say stupid shit. Black people talking about colorism like it's not real.
People will be online all damn day and literally never learn one thing. Something is fucking wrong with you if you don't learn anything new
Just on a larger scale. Hell when we pass laws sometimes they do more than one thing. Why not do that organizationally as well?
I think a way to get the dominant power structure in the U.S. to play fair is to have all oppressed people come together. Occupy could work
We don't connect the dots and free ourselves from the act of being an oppressor. We just walk the same path. Nothing changes that way
But some black men are very homophobic. And we act on our phobias. So do white people. And we know this. But still.
All these subsets of people are human beings. And they are killed for being humans BEING. We know what it's like to be accosted.
Women are killed for being that. Trans for being trans. Gay for being gay. Black for being black.
Blackness is what supports the earth. The best soil is dark black. You don't like eating? You don't like stars nigga? The night time?
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT? So black is automatically a bad color? And black people say it. Like, stfu. Please. I can, but #iwont
But still, we have to tell our dark skinned women especially. Because we are the ones who say pretty for a dark skinned girl.
It's really the blackness that I'm attracted to. The fact that you look black and are comfortable with it is confident and super sexy.
Black men need to uplift our black women. No one else will do it. And I personally really like dark skin. But I like light skinned women 2.
Colorism is very real. That ladies lived experience shows pain all on her TL. She's not right, but her emotions must be dealt with.
Iono. I just think that being selfish doesn't have to be completely negative. And Jesus was bad ass. The original Madibi.
Imagine being in a society where most people are groomed to contribute to it for its benefit, not just personal gain?
If everyone had access to good food, shelter, healthcare, and jobs/ education? That would destroy crime. Imagine being safe all the time.
Which means that those in power can become powerless the next day. It only serves us to ultimately serve our species.
Also, living under a government that discriminates means they can start to discriminate against everyone. You are not above anything.
Yes people are different. But our similarities are what should connect us. Our individuality should be pushed to elevate us all
If it doesn't serve everyone it shouldn't serve anyone. We all need the same stuff. Food, love, shelter, water.
Especially the oppressed. Jesus was serving oppressed people and raising hell. Because, fuck the status quo.
The bible, to me is like basic instructions before leaving earth. My favorite Is treat people well. And don't fuck with the flock.
It's only rational to think that a fucking book written so long ago isn't going to apply to everything in our life. But we are so idk.
Like straight people don't have anal sex or like the homophobes follow every ridiculous law in the bible. The bible was written long ago
Religious people have the dumbest fucking arguments against gay rights. Because homophobes cherry pick shit outta the bible...
I'm gonna get so dark this summer. Huzzah! I wanna be like ebony when I'm at my Bros and sis' wedding.
I may have an ulcer. #noaprilfools 
Ahmahgad I'm annoyed. And I knew it was an April fools joke. But still. Woo saa. *knocks over faberge egg*
@Sidnplay you can do it. Hit the J. Jk, but find things that kill stress that don't harm your body. Like skating for me... When I don't fall
@Sidnplay I'm almost at a year mark. 
My baby bro is here. What to do, what to do. He's a big nerd so museums are enough. Oh, and HU. #youknow #duh
@_CamilleElyse I went off on my boss like I did the physics TA. I thought of you, lol.
You give me respect or I take it. Either way I will have it. Just don't push me.
I told her, I'm gonna go yell at them and go home. And I fucking did. On some Rick Ross Bawse shit
So what happened is I went up to work through the customer entrance, I asked the hostess where are the managers? She said downstairs, why?
But she learned today
I already texted the former boss of hers before and after the situation. Don't fuck with people who are smarter than you. Terrible idea.
My boss told me I had to resign. I told her she couldn't fire me. When she put the papers in my face, I slapped that shit outta her hand
You have brought my righteousness wrath upon you. And it's hilarious. I wish more people were there to see it. Ah man! I'm a G.
And you only suffer because you fail to be an adult and make a decision. So I will be a conduit of karma.
And it bends the earth to its path, not the other way around. Your passivity will never float the boat. It will drown as you suffer.
I'm a dominant man when I choose to be. My passivity is me being lazy. But I'm a water sign. When the lazy river wants it moves.
Further more im a man from the hood, who has a degree. You can't disrespect me and expect for me to not kirk off on you. #duhnigga
I legit went to work, put my dick on the table (metaphorically of course) put it back in my pants, and left. I'm a man. Don't fuck with me.
So I was skating and I wasn't paying attention. I fell, needless to say. And there's a piece of tissue hanging out of skin. 
A lot of women have been through the same thing as that. So people need to fucking accept no. #thatisall
When I first started typing I was gonna say this is why equality is needed. But I wasn't shown male privilege in this instance.
It's gotta be weird for women to ask out guys because of gender issues. But guys say this to women all the time when they reject them.
Then she asked to take me home. And tried to kiss me. And asked for my number. None of that was ok. So I said no. And she called me gay.
So I went to smoke a cig. And this lady comes up to me. Wasted. Sad. She just lost her cousin. So she cried on my shoulder. It's cool.
Yesterday I went to this bar with some homies. I came late and they were closing tabs. They ruined everything and took forever.
Aaaahskfkfmsnszdnssllshs.\nMood just nose dived. I'm gonna sleep soon and wake up better.
Especially don't be black and keep spouting white supremacist BS. You went to a black school. Which shows it doesn't always take.
It's 2015, you better fucking educate yourself on some shit. Especially when it comes to race/ racism.
Sometimes people's voices add nothing to a conversation. I'm not going to pretend to pay attention to it anymore.
I'm most looking forward to going to work tomorrow. And I missed my chance to go to the doc. Cuz I'm a dickhead. But I'm gonna go soon
@iTweet4Niggas: I tweet for niggas that know the bitch is pretty but call her ugly just to humble her ha.
Holy shit this fortune cookies is amazing
So Jamal just isnt going to get a paternity test? #Empire
@DjChubbESwagg lmao
And that is all. I saw fez too. He's taller than me. Wouldn't a thunk it. Not by much tho lol
But really, I believe she started Voto Latino, which is awesome. It's always dope to see people using their celebrity for good causes
Rosario Dawson said hi to me last night. *swoons* I do declare, I have the vapors.
70$ uber ride. And I was still late. One star? Oh yeah.
Sometimes as a man its hard to not be misogynistic. Like that's shitty. Because women are full human beings like men.
I still feel pretty bad... So I'm going to the doctor.
That strange place between nauseous and vomming. Closer to the v but not enough to v. Just enough to ruin your quality of life. I'm there
@WhimsicalC if there is an Asian guy named Jason, tell him I said, waddup! And happy Valentine's Day Favorini
I would rather talk p2p because even in my response I still feel like a coward. But you can't hoe me about my feelings.
Because i lived in anarchy. That's why. Your version of normal will always be fluffy bullshit to me.
Idk what's wrong with her. You can't be Internet big. I will see you IRL and bring it up. I don't abide by normal rules. Why?
That means if I hate you enough I will lock us both in a room and burn it just to make sure you die. But I would rather be nice
Bitches be tripping. I love humans. I do. Don't piss me off. Because I'm still a scorpio.
I understand them gravity of Katrina, I do. Not as much as a original New Orleanian. But hell I was baptized too.
I snapped on her. I did. She tweaked. Katrina is not a subject I tread on lightly. People died. I know. Families were broken. I know
And that's ok. It's not ok to say stupid shit about something WAY more important to me than you. And call me stupid. All big bad no nos.
I am quite happy with me. I'm happy with the journey that I've made. And I realize that everything has been necessary to me being me.
Now I'm just around him. And that's a blessing. It would not have been the same if Katrina never happened. I wouldn't be who I am.
Very few people knew how hard it was to not be with my bro during college. Of course I cried. And Katrina was a catalyst for me moving
Omg this bitch just tried to come at me on FB. You're not even from New Orleans. Shut the fuck up. You're not a twin. Shut the fuck up
Listening to C and L debate about the same thing. So stinking cute!
@WhurCraigAt fuck you nigga. Don't say the E word. It's not even my name. I blame you @HUViolet . I miss you as well 
#Twix bites are so dope
Who saw those surprises coming? Not I
Katy Perry won
sup #twitter
I can't believe I'm going to another country. I'm gonna learn a whole nother language!!! I'm so stoked. #yoquiero #habloespanol #puto jaja
Atl I hear has a large single population of black women. So I'm gonna move there. Jk jk, Idc where I live as long as my wife has a HU degree
Oh of course I wasn't really referring to Hu women @BlaireAriel @mousemoney @dez_says and there are exceptions to a rule. But...
I wonder if black women who move to Atlanta know they gonna be single. They should.
There is essentially no information commonly known about it. Hmm.
I wonder if men have the opportunity to get child support from women, are they as vindictive as women can be? I'm guessing yes, but...
Gotta go to work like bruh
I gotta go to the doctor. I feel like hell.
I'm gonna be the pioneer for my program. Dope. A... Leader, if you will. I shan't disappoint.
I'm gonna kick it with my coworkers people's too. Tres cool!
But I got a call coming up so I'm prepping for that. I'm gonna find out some deets on the trip.
I'm bout to pull all the sexy spanish speaking girls now.  Welp, now as in later, lol.
So I'm going to Nicaragua to do some dope shit. I'm going to southern Central America. I have to learn Spanish. I should be scared
This is delicious. Fennel salami with a cave aged cows milk. Mmm
http://t.co/znqDylLhYH
Nigga I went to fork to get some quince paste for this cheese and charcuterie and got truffle honey on accident. #bougieasshit #lol
Ludacris is back ladies and gents. #chea
@deejbradley: The show Broad City on Comedy Central is actually hilarious. Yup.
My bro is getting married in 2016. I'm gonna be gone for 1/2 of 2015. Gotta do the best man stuff early. Whatever that is...
I'm gonna be a martyr. I just know it. Bring it on!!!
And I'm gonna make it so. This is one of many steps to me reconciling humanity. I will do my best. Or die tryin lol
Connect with lots of people so people will know we are all connected. We are.
I'm coming for you next french and mandarin. Maybe I'll learn amheric and Farsi too. Just travel and become a polyglot.
Also to continuously use a monolithic caricature of a billion plus people is mad ignorant. So ignorant, it's racist...
For instance if a woman asks, do I look fat in this? The truth is yes(generally). Wisdom is to not respond. Or say you look beautiful.
Lastly, just because you have the freedom to say something doesn't mean you should. It's called wisdom.
Like rape, or assault on women, minorities the lgbtq community, you name it. If less people said faggot in jest, less people would say it.
So joking about things doesn't always make it easier to deal with. Sometimes it makes it easier for negative stuff to happen.
The issue that I have with CH is that some of the jokes are too far. With rape jokes, they actually increase the likelihood of assault.
I just trolled one of my homies on FB. Ha.
Nigella Lawson is quite shapely. Coke bottle esque if you will.
Huzzah! Hooray Lauren.
But when I arrived. I saw my sis. And that's it. I'm gonna have a sister. And that's amazing. She's a wonderful person. And she's family!!!
I want to cry right now. I'm running errands and I was annoyed because I had to go out of my way to grab something from my sis.
Obama called Sony a pussy, and Sony changed their minds. Ha.
And there are people on either side. And some people die because of borders. Wars are fought over these imaginary lines.
Borders are stupid. You draw lines on a map and say this land is mine. And that land is yours.
@omgitsjo they don't hear or learn from the feminists that understand how pervasive and negative it is for everyone involved.
@omgitsjo you're right, it isn't ruined, but a lot of people immediately think the extremists when they think of the movement
@omgitsjo a lot of hardcore feminists have ruined the movement. What's funny is most feminists don't know the economic history of it.
My stomach ducking hurts! Ahmahgawd. I wonder if I can work today. It's been shitty for two days now
@JClark787 this joint!!!! Fucking hilarious.
I've never seen so many adults without kids quote kids movies in my life. Fucking A
I fuck with snl so tough. It's hilarious and black as hell! While still being white. We need more minorities on the Show
But I would rather us always talk about race, justice and equality. And then I would fix the problems
Conversations about race only happen when we about to raze this country. And then they stop. At one point we should just that.
So I went to a dispensary because I'm in Denver, so DUH. And I put it on IG... And the official denver ig liked my photo. #dope
And this guy from flobots is here. Dope
Sometimes I forget I have a hoodie from the Trayvon Martin event. I could have an entire separate wardrobe from protests &amp; misconduct smh
But these talks have roots in the salons or Europe. And that is connectivity which is what we all need
It's interesting because it's exclusively black but European as well. It's a black barbershop and it's our culture.
This is dope af.
Some of the people have traveled to ferguson and are telling their story
So I'm at my dad's barbershop and he's hosting something called shop talk live. We are currently listening to ppl talk about ferguson
I don't understand.
Only one person. And this guy isn't even grilled by the media. It's wild.
How do you spin that? I don't get it. The protestors didn't force this guy to run over anyone. Literally no one else did that.
Denver police got ran over because some asshole was in a rush during the east high protest. The news blames the protestors. Like, what?
@true_intent true.
Babies crying on a plane  but music to drown that shit out! 
In any case I'm excited for this vacation.
And you're only giving terrorists rules to follow if they wanna blow shit up. Which they don't follow anyway. DUH.
In all seriousness though you can turn almost anything into a bomb so limiting the Americans who just want to travel is bull.
Side note: I was able to carry my lighter and cigarettes onto the plane from outside. I feel like that should be a no no with our govt.
I'm in Denver. Sweet. Time to kick it with my baby bro, my twin cousins. And the older family members too of course.
My FB posts have inspired my white friend from HS to join the police force and be fair to minorities. That's awesome.
I feel like schooling people on racism and ways to be better humans is the life for me. I mean I'm a good person... But I have my issues
Nothing will extinguish it. Humans will endure. Admittedly the flame gets weak sometimes. We can trip. But we will win.
We will play along the galaxies as if it were a carnival. We will shine so bright, and it will be beautiful. I still have hope for us.
And then we will all as a human race evolve. And only then can we go to our home to the stars. We are from them anyway.
So I feel more connected to them now. I want to learn and visit their places of origin. I want to see for myself. I want to be worn others
I learned so much about other cultures. It's all love. They invited me into their homes and their hearts. It was beautiful.
It's dumb. I had paki and Asian and white and middle eastern and latin and spanish friends. And I fucked with them. My life was dope
We think we are different and put each other in little boxes and shy away from other boxes (this reminds me of the WEEDS Intro)
But we don't. So we fuck each other over because we don't have strength in numbers. And we get stepped on every time. Voices gone again.
Change your way of thinking. You should be just as enraged when a trans person or white person is killed by cops.  We should want for all.
They should stop killing each other. That's racist. Because WHO THE FUCK IS THEY? Fucking racist.
And not full on kill the black man racist, but like diet racist. Like oh, another black man died in the news from another black man...
So if you're not saying that you're racist but you're saying racist stuff, what are you saying? And what are you really? Uhh racist.
So those differences that you speak of are saying that black people are not as good as white people, is that what you're saying? #dasracist
It's so logical and easy. Because it's true. Because those differences are about things that make people inferior and not superior or equal.
And it's so easy. What you're saying is black people are different. That's racist. Humans are all the same. To say anything diff... Racist
I'm going to make someone admit they're racist. I shoulda never taken philosophy class. They are fucked.
I'm going to make someone admit they're racist. All I've been saying is you're wrong because we're equal and somehow that's racist. Uh, wha?
By the by im shutting down racist thinking on my old classmates FB. I'm smarter than these assclowns so it's pretty fun.
And still, they take.
But we need some base level of parity and being taken care of by the government we give so much to in exchange for so little.
We need food, shelter, adequate education and healthcare, no negotiations. We don't need it all equal.
The planet needs reforestation. And we need to cut out pollution. I feel that would be easier to do if we were green.
The planet needs hemp plants grown so we can make hemp paper and stop cutting trees. DUH. The planet needs solar energy initiatives.
I have a skateboard to keep the world green. I could have a car, but you don't need one in dc. And the planet don't need it.
So you have environmental issues, gun violence and police brutality and or racism. These are all very important to me.
Did you know I'm a survivor of Katrina? I have family in Aurora, CO? And of course I'm from StL. Heaux. That's a lot.
Idk what to do. But I gotta do something. I've lived through too much crazy shit and been too close to too much shit to be silent.
* ChubbESwagg voice* NIGGA! We should be  eons beyond were we are. At the very least we should be compassionate. We can't even.
Silly trifles such as war and rape and racism and homophobia and drug addiction and all other weak shit. We could literally be in the stars
We broke the cycle of nature and death as animals. We are truly in a league of our own and we waste it! We waste our humanity on bullshit
Universal this, free that, lessening dependence on this and that, using solar this for that... And the like. We can be truly great.
How do we get our government to listen to us and give us hope again? The 50s can happen again, but be more expansive. We have so far to go.
Without happiness in some form there really is no reason to continue living. So there you have it. That is what life is today. How to change
We fake like we do, and we look at their faces fleetingly while we hand over their little souls as we lose ours.
Our founding fathers had their flaws of course, but were political masterminds and we should have listened to them. Now we don't at all.
But we have to start from the constitution and rebuild up. Let's strengthen it and enforce humanity.
I say raze the motherfucker. You have to. Not literally. Metaphorically. DUH. Cmonson it's never about violence, unless you have to.
I'm not mad at them for being upset. Our government is tripping, and if this is what we have to do to even make them notice c'est la vie.
The worst thing is the people tweaking really aren't from St Louis, at least according to the St. Louisians. But even still, it's ok.
My Godmothers store was close to the corner of Chambers on W Florissant. I have to use the word, was. And THAT is crazy! It is.
So in high school, I lived in Dellwood. Dellwood is the neighboring town to Ferguson, separated by Chambers road.
Ben Crump is not winning and he needs to be
My Instagram is about to pop when I go to denver
Flight to Denver is booked. #familytime yeah!
Just made myself essentially a sausage and bacon waffle Mcgriddle. Eggs aren't super necessary.
@redheadpg Yerp
@MakinItRAINa thanks. I miss you. I'll make a trip to Cali and see you fa sho
At this age being single I'm surely expected by a few people to have kids. Nah I wrap it up.
@ZuluWolf_ ah yeah, he was then. I couldn't even finish it. It was like watching jersey shore or anything on lifetime... Nah
And now I'm rambling so I'm done. In summation one crazy thing doesn't cancel out another one. Maybe in movies. Maybe.
I would rather us part ways. This is not the same as changing yourself because you want to. That's how families start.
If you're a really shitty person maybe become a better person. But I don't really want people to change for me or vice versa.
Like legit, there was no reason for her to be so fucking annoying. I'm not saying change for me, don't ever change who you are for ppl
@ZuluWolf_ idk what trolls mean when it comes to the Internet anymore, I'm not gonna lie. It was fucked up, but she is worse IMO
I dated a girl, and she was so annoying, she blew my high, &amp; I was in the clouds! C asked, what are you doing? Never saw her after that.
At least with little kids I distract them. I have way less patience for adults. And none for that shit.
Especially if I owned a car, like you're definitely getting out of my fucking car acting like a child. I don't even let kids lose it.
How do you date someone like that and then just record it? There is no way we would both finish that trip in the same vehicle.
But because this lady is legit bawling that doesn't mean you can ask me to do something unreasonable.\nIt's still a fuck no. But man, like ?
E.G. If someone shoots a kid and someone stabs a kid, it's all fuckry. It's all shitty. There are levels yes, but you can't rejoice at all!
But most importantly this woman being crazy in no way takes away from another woman being unreasonable which is the title part.
So she throws a full out little kid tantrum at the age of whatever the fuck she is. I would have never chilled with her that far in life
This is gonna be really hard to do without being misogynistic. Now a smart person would stop, but fuck it, it's mah burfday.
@aJewelandaJoye thanks Jewel!
@BobbitosWave: @eGREGiousme @WhurCraigAt happy birthday  Fa sho brah.
Happy birthday @BobbitosWave . Enjoy it
I want a cat. I want a dog too, but dogs are more work. I literally won't have to feed a cat. Just open the door and let it \"grocery shop\"
Ba(e)con
@DjChubbESwagg lol thanks bro. It's @WhurCraigAt . I don't think he tweets from here though, idk.
Our internet will never break. It just isn't as fast as Koreans. The only thing broken is our government, state and federal.
I'm so fucking over #breaktheInternet . If anything would have broken the Internet it would definitely be porn. Also this is America
I just know it. People be so dumb on the walking dead. I would be blending in with the zombies so JB smoove.  #thatjusthappened
Like weed is so useful. Specially if you have the seeds. Like duh. That and some knives, and I would get fat from the zombie apocalypse.
Also have dead zombies on the fence so they won't smell you. I can already grill and grow and hunt a bit. I would live if that's the case.
I'm chilling. Super chilling. Go into the woods, cut down about 4 acres of land with a few people. Put up a fence so you keep out walkers.
Unless those zombies are out of 28 days later. Sprinting! That's fucked up. Like nah son. I would prolly die. But if it's walking dead...
But let's talk about something serious, just for a second. The zombie apocalypse would be so easy to survive! Like cakewalk.
@true_intent and of course I'm proud of you. I'm trying to be like you Charlyn!
@true_intent thanks my friend. You're awesome. I'm glad I got to meet you in the Rec room. A world ago, huh?
It's all love. And I want people to know that. With my first and last breaths and a lot in the middle, it's all love.
Thank you for being in my life. Thank you for being a decent human being. Thank you for being. Thanks. It's all love. Through good/ bad
I don't really want presents or cake or anything. Just to see some people and say, hey, I love you. Thanks for sticking it out with me.
I'm 28. Birthdays aren't really fun anymore. The only thing I like is its like one day of appreciation for you being around. And that's cool
This is so funny. It's always about sicin' ( sp?) shit. It's a Midwest thing
Ahmahgad. We just beat the shit out of #Denver #GoRams
But I would rather discuss it once it's more concrete.
Had a great talk with me dad. I think I have an actual plan set.
Once I fry it up. Speaking of I should let it dry up a little to lock in that teriyaki and to not make a mess. Hmmm
I marinated some wings in the normal seasonings ( I generally don't do this). Added teriyaki to le mix... I'm thinking this is gonna kill
It's the short sightedness that stops the progression of humanity, and we've been so stagnant.
Some people say we don't deserve universal healthcare. I would say those people need to expand their thinking.  Lots of people do.
People have interesting thoughts on what it means to deserve or to not deserve something. Quite the slippery slope.
Comcast rhymes with some ass for a reason. #becauseitis #fuckcomcast #ihatecomcast #ifuckinghatecomcast *fabolous voice* #reallytho
If Comcast were a person I would want it to catch Ebola. then AIDS. Just AIDS. Not HIV. Yes they are the same thing. I know. #ihatecomcast
@mousemoney niggas tripping not favoriting this piece of bliss.
@true_intent babaaayyy! Take off, your cooooool! Love this song
I feel better. But not because anything is solved.\nI just stopped talking to Comcast. #namaste #ihatecomcast #fuckcomcast #diecomcast
I'ld make you eat yourself live and as whole as possible until you die. I would make u a solo human caterpillar. #ihatecomcast #infiniperson
I'ld be a living breathing Hostel. #ihatecomcast. I would make brass knuckles out of your teeth and punch you in the jaw with your it.
To be even more clear Fran from the nanny. And I would slap Comcast when they start to master zoning out. #ihatecomcast
And when I say hole I mean a hole they were born with. Il'd make them watch m night movies &amp; all the actresses would be Fran. #ihatecomcast
If Comcast was a person I would cut off all his/her fingers and jam it in a hole with a mallet. I would crush said fingers 1st #ihatecomcast
HOW THE FUCK DOES A COMPANY TURN A CASE OF THE MONDAYS INTO A BUSINESS!?!?!? #ihatecomcast
Like if I could I would just pee on you at 11:15 in the am on the corner of 7th and H at NW. And then I would curb stomp you. #ihatecomcast
Hey let's regionally monopolize cable and internet, and then not give people basic (customer) service . And then assfuck em #ihatecomcast
You have fixed my desire to do anything but yell at your employees though. It's like this is part of your business model. #ihatecomcast
Because that's how fucking long I've been on hold you pieces of shit. You haven't fixed one fucking thing! Not one. #ihatecomcast
A bath of vinegar, because, well, fuck you Comcast. Next I would tie you up and make you listen to one sound for 400 minutes #ihatecomcast
And then use you as a yo-yo (DUH). But skin is supple so the \"string\" would break, super glue be damned. But you land on a . #ihatecomcast
Just to be clear, that mix would go on your muscles &amp; your exposed skin. I'ld then super glue 6 feet of your skin back to you. #ihatecomcast
And then I would put a mix of bleach, cayenne pepper, salt, lemon juice, phosphorus, glass and urine in the exposed flesh. #ihatecomcast
#Comcast if I could, and you were a person I would filet you like an apple. I would cut you to make sure that your skin rolls like a yo-yo.
I'm gonna vent. It's gonna be mean and hateful &amp; of a Scorpio nature. So here it is. #Comcast you fucking jizz sock of Satan! #ihatecomcast
I'm at 70 minutes of dealing with #Comcast. #imnotbeingfacetious #itdoesntsoundlikeirshouldbespelledthatway *drake voice* #worst
#comcast fucking sucks. I hate you guys
@whoudini_ you're here?!?!
Republicans control the house. Republicans control the governorships of the U.S. And the people are overwhelmingly democratic. Hhmmm
Republicans control the senate. Uh oh
Do something for someone else. Because what you do for them, you do for yourself.
Information that people have died to get or to hide. So use your smartphone for dope smart shit. Start a revolution. Organize volunteering.
Racism to work for you. You can't be dumb anymore. You have a smart phone in your pocket. You have information in your pocket.
Whiteness doesn't want us to be legally armed so politicians would push draconian gun laws and the nra would back them up.
E.G. I'm a fan of gun control, so to push gun control I would register black people to legally own guns. It's tried and true.
I say don't vote. Read a book about civil rights, be part of a movement. Use inequality to your advantage.
So why do people keep insisting we play this game? That's silly.
Participation ONLY guarantees that the game will keep going. But alas, the game is rigged. We have known that for a while now.
Women still get the shaft, so do others in general. Participating in the same game doesn't guarantee equality, or even a voice at all.
But really really, I want to burn our system to the ground and start over with just the constitution. America still isn't made for blacks
I want a cool voting sticker to post on Instagram. That's it.
I didn't vote today. I almost feel bad. Not because my vote is gonna do anything, I'm not dumb, but because I can't be in the \"group\"
This latest SNL is black as fuck. I'm quite happy about it. Specially shows he doing
Damn, like I was really in my own world n shit. Wandering through Narnia. I feel less than walking on a man made trail Nature is the best
Walking through deer trails. Why? #YOLO
And just like that, over the course of one night, he got it.
Also less people are fucking with you. Which makes sense because you as police officers keep killing unarmed people. #chill
Especially on the message boards. Leave that racism in your head, because if people really wanted, they can get you fired for it.
White people need to tell other white people to chill out. You clearly don't listen to non whites. And y'all niggas GOTTA chill.
My brothers staff is 
#wtf 
So ready for the weekend. More so ready for payday.
@VansPorn http://t.co/6GHVrSAJgI
@Mediaite: CNN's @DonLemon Discovers His Roots in Emotional Journey with His Mother http://t.co/cjd9VtLzW6 (VIDEO) fuck Don lemon.
@SquiztheProd: Luther Vandross is one of the few artists that has a 7 min song that you want to listen to til the end... Chuuch
I have a great business idea. Hitting up my entrepreneurial friends
I want to fly as icarus never has. I want to go to the sun, higher and then become the sun to illuminate those behind me.
Damn... Just damn. I've had quite the life. What's next? I'm excited to fly. I've soared but never flew like that.
With black people. Yes sometimes police are justified. Sometimes they need to calm the fuck down. Which doe you think happens more often.
Sometimes black people are ridiculous. Raven, you are now one of them. So is the guy who thinks that police are justified in all encounters
Red hen is number four in DC? Over the inn at little Washington?
@tanehisicoates @twilli920 that's racist bro. What the hell?
@TeeSwanJr @AP yeah!!!
This will surely be an early exit night. Fuck I hate the park.
@VVS_Cufflinks: Amsterdam on Tuesday and haven't thought about packing.  all you need to pack is a bowl or a bleezy.
Listening to surfboard. Please kill me. My uber driver is playing the whole cd... Fml 
@DotThrash his freestyle killed. Great rapper
Ahh police fucking suck. Somehow I passed a white dude on the trail though...
Also as a black male I may have committed the crime. Lastly there is no visible signage about the trail being closed. So fuck you pigs.
I hate police. They just berated me for coming through a park that's closed at night. Apparently a skateboarder is a moving target. Gtfoh
I had the coolest iPhone until today. fuck you apple.
I essentially fully support someone. It's fucking hard and stressful. But you do the right thing.
My phone is currently a flashlight, a magazine, a stereo and a computer. Whoa. This is the future
What do I wear for Tuesday? Hmmm
@suey_park: I seriously love the Midwest. We love you too!
@washingtonpost: Congress likely to vote on authorization for training Syrian rebels http://t.co/2WOIIUlAPQ didn't work for the Taliban.
@washingtonpost: Congress likely to vote on authorization for training Syrian rebels http://t.co/2WOIIUlAPQ didn't work for al Qaeda
@washingtonpost: Congress likely to vote on authorization for training Syrian rebels http://t.co/2WOIIUlAPQ didn't work out for Osama.
@_DJDeTroyt next week.
@true_intent lol
Going to the Sam Smith concert. I want to bring someone. Hopefully this works out.
He poses a good question. Why the hell, why do you think I come round here on my free will? #truth
Man's been HURT! And it makes good effing music.
Also, Sam Smith's album 
I've lost weight these past few months. I guess I could add muscle mass... I'm good though.
I've lost weight these past few months. I guess I could add muscle mass... I'm good though.
Damn
@redheadpg that date already happened bro...
Stay blessed twitter fam. And be happy. Find your happiness. I know it's hard. But never stop finding it. It's there.
This is not my entire story. But it's enough of it. I'm here. In the darkest night my light never went out. And now it's bright. So bright.
I used to cry every year around this time. Or get close to it. Until like 2-3 years ago. Now I hold my head up and share my story.
And I began hitting people close to (metaphorically) with that crutch. It kept me depressed. But I'm alive. IM ALIVE! And so happy.
I fell in love again. I worked. I graduated. I kept drinking until this year. There is no reason to keep using the crutch when I can walk.
I have experienced pain and isolation and loneliness no 18 year old college kid  or anyone should ever experience. It was hard. But I pushed
I told her I wanted to jump in front of every bus Omw to work. I cried after that. I got counseling two months later. It helped.
I tried to break up with her. She thought I wanted to hook up with other girls.\nI mean the HU girls are awesome, but she was quite wrong
The next year I got a girlfriend. I told no one of the feelings in my head. Who'ld understand.?I didn't know anyone who lived through it yet
U could always find me at a BIMR party with a wife beater on when I was drunk. Which was often. I started drinking when I wasn't in class
Yet I was still a week ahead in every science class. I stopped caring about my science education at that point. I started drinking. Heavily.
And I went to HU I believe sept 13th. The students were in their 3rd week of classes. I had 3 days of classes before Katrina.
A few days after that I went to STL. I saw more family. My uncle gave me some pants. I had no clothes. Nothing but a book bag of clothes
My dad said I had a crazy look in my eyes when he picked me up. I'm sure I did. I experienced Anarchy. It wasn't too bad. But it was.!
I got to listen and share stories. And I saw a family reunited with their nephew. It was beautiful. No one cared about their stuff.
Was his name. Wednesday we left and went to Houston. I stayed for a while and volunteered at the Georgia P Brown dome during the weekend.
I could do. But on Wednesday, the waters receded enough for us to take the back way out. I stayed with a pharmacist from XU btw. Philpatrick
The next day we listened to the car radio and there was no day out. #tuesday I don't remember if I could still text. At one point that's all
Spades for hours until the darkness snuck into the house. And we lit candles and played some more. We ate cold food that the fridge held.
And after the skies cleared it was unbearably hot. It felt over a hundred degrees. I was dripping sweat even in boxers. So I played spades
I got up and looked outside. And took pictures. I remember thinking how can the city flood when the rain is going sideways and up? #noanswer
And after X amount of time I felt this strength. This warmth. This perfect love in my heart. I knew everything was going to work out. It did
The eye wasn't even gonna hit the NO until noon. I knew for sure I was gonna die. I got on my knees and I prayed. For I don't know how long
It didn't. The sound of the rain carried me to sleep. I then woke up at about 6:30-7ish. I could hear the wind pushing the house.
It sounded like a train was roaring under the bathroom. I was scared that the water would rush up out of the toilet and flood the house.
9 years ago two hours from now I would lose power. I would have to use candles and my phone to light my way. I was so scared to pee.
Im always in my head.\nThat is my reality.\nThis world is just a way for me to express it.
@true_intent a fucking men. Women don't even know how to deal with men when they cry
@MakinItRAINa my bad I don't get updates on here. It's pretty but mad far away. Like maaaaad far via metro.
I have yet to fall asleep 
Only black person on my car...
@suey_park I think it's prudent to point out power doesn't come from taking it from others. It comes from within and from unity of people.
My first time on the silver line. Going all the way to Reston. 
Fail. . I feel like it doesn't help that my neighbors smoke all day everyday at home and the windows be open.oh well
Taking a drug test 4 this school. Ive been clean for quite a while. But still, I'm nervous. No weed or nothing. No drinking. Still. Nervous
@HuffPostPol: Rand Paul calls for demilitarization of police after Ferguson shooting http://t.co/BGP5KYWImc he voted against NDAA respect
I love the people that I encountered today and I'm happy I got the chance to talk to them. Our generation is the best generation
Currently cooking chicken in two sticks of butter. If you have to ask why, just unfollow. Also I can afford to gain a few lbs.
@KONKRETE34 respect. This is a new political world we are in where the corporations and rich run all. It's sad.
@HuffPostDC #myblacklifematters because I am a human just like white men. That is all the justification I should need.
But you don't hear me though. As a whole we should care about people and less stuff. We are one. We really are.
If we had education, food, basic healthcare and no drug laws we would have less problems and less drug addiction.
You should work with people to legalize all drugs and open treatment centers and rehab that has fact and stat based treatment.
If you really cared Barack you would have never auto signed the Patriot act which is a reason things like this happen.
You don't have that long left. We  the people are still behind you. Do your job! Congress isn't doing theirs.
Obama, fuck you. Every other president has upheld the white agenda. We didn't vote you in office to keep up the status quo. Do better.
@WellsFargo you're the largest financier of private prisons. You wouldn't have to mentor kids if you didn't cause the jailing of their dads
@DJZeeti voting is most important on a municipal city wide level. Towns and cities change states which ultimately change the nation.
\"We should have guns because the  have guns\"-@aTRAVesty real shit bro. Very real shit
@aTRAVesty @AmbersReign it's called a constitution app. We have the right to peaceably assemble... Clearly that's not happening.
#IfTheyGunnedMeDown which photo would they use? http://t.co/JJ9M4cPrlk
@kcarr78: @TefPoe this is the shooting victim, still alive. http://t.co/x278pDcjaS HU grad spook. Smh.
@CheritaC nope. No clue. Police told @TefPoe she is dead. Don't think that's true.
All of our lives.
This is fucked up. America needs to change or we need to take our money to Africa. We have enough to build it up and improver our lives.
You let people riot but now they are peaceful you use tear gas and send in tanks? You sound like Russia. This is wrong. This is disgusting.
It's just brutality. Why not tase him? Where are your officer cameras? I know you can afford them if you can afford military gear.
And dumb yt people never want to call this a race thing. Sometimes just shut up. Racism is alive and well. It's clear as blood on pavement
My godmothers shop is not even a mile away from the shooting/ riots. This is so messed up.
This situation is truly fucked up. And I have been to all of the places looted. I live in North County. My grandma is off Halls Ferry.
We fucking matter and we deserve the ACTUAL right to pursue longer and happiness. It has yet to happen.
Savage is perpetuating a structure based on the oppression of women, all non white people and the lgbtq/ minority immigrant community.
Not while you act like savages but call us that. Savage is killing unarmed people. Savage is shooting people for no reason and lying.
I don't advocate violence, but you can't always expect people to turn the other cheek. Not for 100s of fucking years you can't.
If they don't they will understand that they are the minority and won't win in an actual war. Because it will be presented.
People who talk about nonviolent protests even get that. It's not an end all be all. Unless your oppressors do the same.
People will only take the high road for so long. Forever it won't be. Sometimes you have to be violent to stand against it.
@CheritaC Spook.
I'm fucking blown. This is ridiculous.
@CheritaC she's an HU grad.
@TIME: A murder suspect asked Siri where he should hide his roommate. It responded back http://t.co/OoMkEIqO5U Siri is a snitch 
@ColorDeeReal @_DJDeTroyt what?
STL is such a small place. I just found out I went to school with Mike Browns cousin. So sad. And Ezell Ford was just killed. So sad.
Stop hurting yourself. Stop hurting us.
And this only hurts you too.
At the end of the day we want to end racism because we are equal. You should too. When you justify racism you keep us separate.
People be tripping. Racism is what I study the most today. The government being shit is second. I can talk about both for hours.
I'm blown. So blown. How does someone who has never been in a fight assault a cop? And if he did, there HAD to be a reason.
Both arguments are fucked up and blame the victims. That culture in America has to stop. It has to.
How dare u, an HU grad blame our thought process on police killing us? I guess a  deserves to be raped for wearing tight clothes? Fuck no
Because society has showed that even when you care you're still killed like a dog in the street.
You know what blacks get less than every other race? Education. Jobs. Duh. If your society doesn't care about you and kill you, why should u
Clearly you don't live in those neighborhoods, because all people say is this has to stop. And you know how to stop it? Education. Jobs.
Gtfoh. Why doesn't anyone talk about other intra racial crime? And why do we always say no one cares about our violence?
White people have ultra violent music. They aren't dangerous by nature. Neither are we. But somehow ONLY our music is an issue.
I hate when black people say stupid shit. Rap music doesn't cause us to die. People killing us causes us to die. Police especially.
I'm tired. And I gotta work. Fuck man
Because police justify and perpetuate the white supremacy you say you're not part of. Gtfoh
This is bullshit. And white people are going to try to whitesplain our deaths as they always do. Why can't you see death is death?
I made that walk that the kid did. I want answers. I want the truth
Not that stealing anything means you should die. It doesn't. But wtf. How can I help my home town?
And police have cell footage and haven't said anything. How long does it take to look at cell phones or the gas station footage?
I can't believe this kid was murdered by the QT by my house. I know people that used 2 stay in those apartments. I helped my aunt move there
@MsPayen @stopbeingfamous the police are ALWAYS at that gas station. I lived by there in high school. This is bull shit. And QT has cameras
I feel the urge to go for a run. Ion een like running. But imma give into this. Por que non?
Furthermore if you're gonna clean finish the job. Ok I feel better now
I'm going to rant for a second... TAKING OUT THE FUCKING TRASH IS A STUPID GENDER ROLE. Men don't like trash either. Wtf.
Dope night. 
I'm way to up to have to be at work at 8:30. Welp
@StyleandGrace_1 I've been hit by women. I did not hit those women. It's not easy, but being right rarely is.
@StyleandGrace_1 because men are stupid and try to mansplain the stupid shit we do.
Starve the big banks and let them die. They never cared about your humanity anyway... But somehow they are seen as people under law...
But as consumers we really don't know the power that we have. I think everyone should take their money out of major banks.
If you can make policies that are in the worst possible interest for your customers and still remain solvent, you should die.
Now I have to find a credit union. Large banks are the enemy. Really any consumer based entity with more than 1k customers to lose
Cutting all ties to @bankofamerica on the 15th of august. I'm so happy about that.
I also cut waaaay back on fast food. Like I had it maybe 6 times all July. Usually it's the square of that. #soserious #imafatty
@SeeMuralsNMusic alcohol is all empty calories. Empty, fun calories lol. But really cutting it out and a bit more exercise works.
@SeeMuralsNMusic also thank you. I apologize for not tweeting that first. Thank you very much
@SeeMuralsNMusic yeah it indeed does. I lost ten pounds after I stopped smoking and drinking. I get restful sleep. But most of all I'm happy
@SeeMuralsNMusic yeah. I don't drink, smoke weed or any other drugs. And I'm not smoking cigs either. It's best for me. But fml
But.... Fuck I want a cigarette. 
Because my potential for good is limitless. So I will go as far as possible. Which is not for me to say. But it begins with sobriety
I have a clarity that will allow me to do what I really want, and that's to do the best good for the world. And I will do it too.
27 has ended up being a good year for me. But I have become square. An enlightened, healthy square. But it's a good thing.
I don't want to smoke as much as I want to live. Cept maybe weed. But I want to pass this test so I can improve my life more.
Have up cigarettes today. I'm gonna be a teetotaler( which is great, but SO lame). I want a cig so fucking bad. But they kill...
Anyway by Phil Beaudreau speaks to my soul. It's so real. \"I found love, and I stopped loving. I found God, and I stopped looking forward\"
I hate the mainstream media today. It's so fucking weak and reinforces the status quo. It wasn't always like this
Whoops 
And women eat it up. But it's not different from BET as a whole really. And I don't watch those programs either.
Listening to BGC. I can't believe women enjoy this stuff. It's so misogynistic. On it's face it plays up the stereotype of catty women.
And make sirloin with sauted bacon carrots and mushrooms 
My endeavors are bust again! My Pyrex dish was stolen. And I don't have onions. I'm just gonna make a cognac/ red wine reduction
My boss just texted me. That shit gets ignored.
I swear this ice cream truck is playing Colors of the Wind from Pocahontas... I fux with it
Got all the ingredients minus one. I'm for sure doing that shit tomorrow though
All I want to do is make beef bourgignon. And I have so much shit to do. F.M.L.
@omgitsjo lol true.
But really, like any reason will do. Can you show me to the nearest metro? *removes shirt * 2x8= *removes shirt*
It's gonna be like, G pass me the salt. *removes shirt* My excuse would be I can stretch easier to reach the salt.
So when would be an acceptable time to walk around half naked? Because this isn't gonna last forever.
I have a 6-pack. It was one of my goals for the summer. I didn't even try for it yet. I just started eating better and exercising more.
My homie is mad at me. You can't be mad at me for wanting to smash a hoe. She's not yours. She's like water or national parks. A common good
If you don't believe in God, Welp. You still get her blessings. Btw of course God is a woman... If God had a gender
Wake up after a horrible day. Work was cool but my finances are all messed up at the moment. 1 text changed it all. God. Is. Good.
Surf n turf omelette for breakfast. Bacon wrapped filet and bacon wrapped prawns. Tomatoes, n onions. And guac. I'm ok now lol
This is why the HPV vaccine is necessary. But also an extremely high number of people have HPV too.
My financial problems aren't that bad. I'll be ok in 2 months but when will she be healthy? Really puts my life in perspective. So sad.
Damn! This neighbor gave his girlfriend HPV and now she has cancer. I can hear it because I'm outside smoking a cigarette. Damn damn damn
Shoutout to learning lessons from being around shitty people. I've learned a a lot, but ain't shit niggas still pop up every now and then
I've lost a lot of best friends through the years. But for me, the song is true, it's nothing to cut anyone... ANYONE off.
@ABlackTV #true
I don't fuck with a good half of the people I work with at le Diplomate. Which is great!
That's how I feel right now. Fuck. My. Life.
I work a job making good money but it's not good enough. Ah HDJRUHIZJAKDJXJJCYYD
We are the only people in the world without a country. African countries won't save us and neither will the US of A. Damn.
Hidden colors 3. Watching the solutions part
I took care of the new president of HU yesterday. Very nice guy. I'm excited to see what direction he takes the alma mater.
2 put the onus on us is unfair &amp; racist. Whenever we do well as a group we're violently reduced back 2 the margins.
It's not the responsibility of black people 2 overcome racism. We had no hand in making it. When will Chiraq be cared about like Sandy Hook?
@kjay_mar Preciate it bro
@BigMansonMB: @DJZeeti idk how I started following you but a nigga can't complain at all. * 2 chainz voice* TRU
Anonymous be damned, I went to my first AA MEETING!!! And I'm so fucking happy I can't believe it! Onward to brighter things
Moving is a helluva workout
@not1fk2give I doubt it but you never know
