13.5 hours on campus and I've finally called it a day! just the beginning of an insanely long week 
it's victory Monday after we #BeatDallas in an intense game last night  #FlyEaglesFly
let's go #Eagles 
ahhh finally heard from Max and he is doing great things in NYC  love hearing about my friends chasing their dreams!
another dreary, rainy day in the QC
it's been five days since daylight savings and I can finally make it to 9 pm.. however, I'm in bed  goodnight world.
you see everything when the world doesn't see you 
I'm failing at this game of life.
@GEICO_Service I appreciate the kind words, I have someone from Geico scheduled to be on the way now! Thank you!
this was the first used car I've purchased, and only out of bad circumstances.. but I will NEVER buy a used vehicle again.
bombed that exam, walking home to wait for Geico to come jump my Jeep.. again. it's a great day.
can't come close to sleep, I'm glad I have an exam in a few hours 
missing AHS tonight and I'm not happy.
the idea that we can control our fate is an illusion.
I only have tues/thurs classes in my final semester, I will call that a complete win 
I registered for my last semester of undergrad this morning 
the contents of our minds cannot be located in space or time.
I'm trying to form valid memories of info on how to form memories, so that I can retrieve them via the retrieval pathway I'm studying.
it's also a little chilly to not have a jacket. starting this day 0-2.
why I decided to wash my hair before school is beyond me.. now I'm going to have wet hair all day.
when you name the serial killers before its announced they are serial killers #WeKnowOurPsychos #AHSHotel
\"love is a lot like a stress response\"
it's 7am and I just got soaked by a passing car that hit a huge puddle.. this is going to be an excellent day 
of course it's exam Monday.. because I want nothing more than to go home but I have to proctor until 8:30 
back to reality 
on my way to pick up KIRBYYY  so excited to see my little man!!
just crossed back into North Carolina 
now back to Charlotte in time for the Eagles vs Panthers  #iAmAnEaglesGirl #HeIsAPanthersFan #FlyEaglesFly
Riley Skyy is 3 #BirthdayBoy #MyFavoriteToddler
hello Virginia 
officially on the road 
so weird being home without my Kirbs.. but road trippin' in five short hours 
just finished wrapping Riley's presents  can't wait to see my favorite toddy tomorrow!!
consciousness is not physical but exists in another dimension to the material universe #MindBlown
can we fast forward to 3 am please?! so excited and ready to head to Maryland when the boy gets off work  #RileysBirthdayWeekend
just jumped a mile off the ground.. DAMN STRAY CAT 
so glad this long day is FINALLY over and I can go relax and watch football with my favorite 
@oisen25 long.
I have an inability to control my facial expressions 
when I see people walking around without headphones on I get confused.. do you not like music?! I don't understand..
breakfast in the gardens 
@oisen25 has a doppelgnger in Charlotte!! miss youu
good thing I wore a hoodie today.. my left arm is black and blue  no clue why!
the best motivation to be productive? girls night! dinner, wine, and AHS with Kristina later 
feed your soul, not your ego.
@suzie_baiz let me have a career and a ring on my finger first please 
being all wifey-like.. cooking dinner, with a glass of wine in hand of course 
I'm too excited that my boyfriend got out of class 2.5 hours early to come watch my #Eagles with me   #Keeper #HeIsMyFavorite
hello Monday, I have not missed you 
when you come home to a dead battery in the Jeep  sucksss.
the struggle of every Sunday is waiting until noon to buy beer  #SundayFunday
reading until my favorite gets off work #NightOwls
I want to know what's your quietest feeling.
discussing the chemistry of nuclear bombs.. just a casual inorganic lecture.. #ChemistLife 
AHS with Kristina 
advising appointment completed. last one ever for undergrad 
although the first day after a break sucks, at least the week is almost over already 
best. day. ever.
@Zedd killed it in Charlotte tonight!! 
Alex Metric.. I am not a fan.
ZEDD
the price of cathexis is pain.
nothing quite says fall like enjoying split pea soup on the balcony in a flannel 
spending my morning at Tiger World with my best friend was amazing 
sriracha edamame, yum.
The world is a painting, and you are a color I've never seen before 
PSA.. I am NOT pregnant. I witnessed another girl tell her boyfriend that she was.. at a starbucks. Again, I am NOT with child 
@JudyBaiz negative, stop getting your hopes up 
@suzie_baiz idk ask your brother?
apparently coffee and public places lessen the blow of \"I'm pregnant\"  watching the drama unfold #Starbucks
@KIBerg17 absolutely, and it's not quite a bad day when it's yours to enjoy how you'd like 
Monday holidays are truly the best ever.
a nice pumpkin spice tea to get the day started.
great fall morning for a walk with Kirbs 
the boy is off to work, time to go play  #GirlsNight #CiderFest
that.. was not a good start to the day.
Amelie's, Tycho playlist, and my notes.. neurobio forever #MidtermCrisis
I don't comprehend how people prefer to sit inside all day.. especially when it's beautiful outside.
I'll never be a morning person  #GrumpyFace
sending good morning videos and photos back and forth with my Ri guy  melts my heart and made my day!
completely threw the curve on that psych exam  #SorryNotSorry #SucksToSuck
some people clearly weren't raised with the important social lesson of inside voices.. your parents should be ashamed.
there are seven tables of students studying.. you walk in and decide it's appropriate to be wildly, obnoxiously loud.. in what world?!
putting away technology to do some quality studying  #ExamWeek
another great weekend in the books, followed by the worst Monday of all.. I guess that's life evening out the balances. #RollWithIt
I just watched my handsome boyfriend officiate his fathers wedding 
Amelie's before the wedding 
I always get screwed over.
I need to do some yoga.. with aromatherapy.. and calm down. too stressed out.
I hate how easy it is to misconstrue things via text 
can everyone please stop feeding into the overly exaggerated and embellished weather forecasts.. especially those from non-credible sources.
don't say you're going to do something and not do it. even if it's insignificant. one of my biggest pet peeves.
music is life 
it's unbearably hot in Woodward, news flash UNCC: it's not winter, turn the heat off and the ac back on!!
listening to neuro lectures and drifting off to sleep 
worst. day. ever.
@FillmoreNC what idiot posted this? October 27th isn't a Saturday.. So is it on a Saturday or on the 27th?! Let's work on that PR
not a good day. at all.
it's 1:47.. definitely getting my last coffee for the day.
this weather is making me very moody, I need vitamin D in my life.. from the sun.
can't believe it took until week three to have a victory Monday, rocking my #EaglesGreen today 
ewww slugs in the potatoes 
late night movie  with my fav 
October is going to be the busiest month ever, but I'm so excited for everything that's to come 
however that means I'm going to have to focus for my midterms that are right beforehand 
super excited for mini vacation in less than two weeks 
the dress has been purchased for next weekends wedding 
UNCC is about to get a very angry earful, construction protocols are unacceptable, an incident tonight set me over the edge  @UNCCProblems
I guess it's time to start writing this paper that's due at midnight 
our fingerprints don't change from the lives we've touched.
yes, walking to school in the rain at 6:30 am is precisely how I wanted to start my Friday.
about to go run this two hour organic two pre-exam problem session  #PrayForMySanity
exhausted and I can't have any more caffeine  only six more hours until I can relax.. if I can make it that long.
iamamiwhoami 
and yes, I'm finalizing my team while I sit in lecture.
not super confident in my fantasy team this week 
I must not procrastinate tonight.
@suzie_baiz gross. bring back summer.
the toasted graham latte from Starbucks was sadly disappointing 
we don't need a plane, I can be your escape 
sleepytime tea and the road less traveled  #BedtimeRituals
I'm actually making a home cooked meal tonight 
finally have a beer in hand and the game in front of me  #OneHappyGirl
proctoring a 3 hour long orgo 2 exam is just how I wanted to end this day.. thankful for beer, wings, and football after  #CountdownToMNF
can I just replay my weekend instead of struggling through Monday?! that would be nice.
what a great day  now it's time to be productive and start on some homework.. and yes I'm aware it's Saturday night. 
that went surprisingly well, not even an awkward moment.. great night.
\"lookin' for a lover that won't blow my cover\" 
sitting on the balcony with angus &amp; julia stone 
I think it's time for a nap 
just got asked what country I got my foot tattoo in, apparently word on the street is it's illegal to tattoo feet in America... what?
I can't stand unintelligent people.. specifically those with no common sense.
ugh 8 am on Friday mornings is not so fun.
sweats and football is by far the best kind of date night  #HeGetsMe #FootballSeason
hope to get to the bank tomorrow, because the banks closed and I have zero access to my money.. annoying.
I don't care who you are, if you're in a public place keep your shoes on.. that's disgusting.
I haven't been able to connect to the wifi all week, great for interactive lectures.. Not. #GetWithItUNCC
For all the fees UNCC charges per semester, they should have enough bandwidth to sustain all students at any given time @UNCCProblems
Laura is by far the most amazing person ever, she brought me coffee to inorganic lecture  #Starbucks #BestFriendEver
this day.. is going to be long.
grading biochem lab reports 
here's to hoping that it doesn't start to rain before I get to my car #FingersCrossed
getting done earlier than expected with everything.. too perfect!
finally broke down and got a #PSL today, even though it's not really fall yet 
there's a female putting makeup on in the Burson bathroom.. sweetheart, you're in Burson.. that's a waste of money.
as grandpa always said: red sky at morning, sailor warning.. but boy is it beautiful 
neurotics make themselves miserable; those with character disorders make everyone else miserable #TheRoadLessTraveled
oh hey, thanks Thornberry for turning on AND leaving every light in my apartment on ALL DAY. appreciate it.
I think I'm the only one that's really upset with an 88 on my inorganic exam  I made a stupid mistake that cost me 4 pts, and the A
UNCC has made it really difficult and unsafe to be a walker to and from campus, it's ridiculous @UNCCProblems
I know you ain't a drug but you get me so high 
20 minutes to get off the exit and to my parents.. awesome.
holy traffic Matthews 
we may finally have points on the board, but this is ugly.
at Wild Wing Cafe with my favorites for the game  #FlyEaglesFly #EaglesNation
I have a bubble and this kid is totally disrupting it. Not okay.
Mondays never suck in the fall.. you always have the prospect of MNF to get you through the day  #EaglesNation tonight!
time to go see my favorite promo girl for the panthers game  @missmarycollins
productive start to the day, much needed since football will have me glued to the TV for at least eight hours 
I don't get lucky, I make my own luck.
lazy day filled with pizza and TV 
Carowinds on this cloudy day 
when you miss the A by mere points..  thankfully this exam is the least weighted of the course.
in serious need of coffee 
can it be 8 already so I can leave school and start relaxing?! OH, and watch some football 
it's officially the best time of year  #FootballSeasonIsHere
when you contemplate whether you REALLY need the ACS certified degree or not.. thoughts as I study for inorganic 
absolutely nothing could have prepared me for that exam 
I'm pretty much over studying.. off to movie time 
awkward first date going on behind me  #Amelies
this obnoxiously loud couple sat next to me and proceeded their heated argument  I'm clearly studying.
@JudyBaiz duhhh I need good sleep tonight, 8am exam!
I just spilled my hot tea all over the table and floor, thankfully I hadn't pulled my books out yet! #StudyTime
I forgot my glasses.. I'll be squinty today 
I have a lot more due tomorrow than I thought  excellent.
truly nothing better than fresh, cold sheets 
cold Mac and cheese always hits the spot.. and is literally the only leftover I will eat!
coffee break with friends was a success  back to productivity.
if you're going to lie, don't post conflicting evidence on snapchat 
\"woah peer pressure!\"... no it's just your turn 
this off season has been one of the most emotional, unpredictable roller coaster rides as an Eagles fan.
I'll have my nose in a book for the majority of this lovely long weekend  #ChemMajorProbs
I can't believe I've lived in Charlotte for four years and it's my first time at OMB  it is so great here!
bamboo and willow candle, Tycho playlist, and my notes.
I just lost massive amounts of respect for this professor.
when your professor teaches something incorrectly.. like the sections of the brain.. I'm in neuro, I know better.
you can't give us molecule building kits.. we aren't adults.. 
@DVBBS dreams 
\"this was how your day started..\" with the good vibes of @HippieSabotage 
your perceptions are merely what others allow you to see.
your perceptions are merely what others allow you to see.
I just picked up the Parmesan cheese I used for dinner..walked it to the bathroom, placed it on the counter and walked away. I need sleep
one day I'm going to accidentally hit a small child and despise the parent that allows this.
what an exhausting day.. working this reaction up and heading home 
all this mornings misfortunes paid off.. I got first pick on my seminar date 
since becoming a \"walker\" I've noticed it's a daily struggle to NOT get hit by idiot drivers 
and forgetting to set an alarm.. great way to start my day.
WhatsApp is seriously dumb.. I can't wait until Max gets back from Europe so I can delete it.
I love Maxwell Prentice, he shamelessly sends me 6-8 texts per every message response 
Kirby is understandably upset with me.. but the squeaky toy HAS TO GO 
@chiefwahoo24 #JeepLife
yes, I'm getting a car wash at midnight.. it lowered my gas price.
that was by far the worst assessment performance I've graded in my history of grading 
I'm obsessed with Koko.
when you get a plethora of emails that are students that said their professor recommended you as a great tutor  makes me feel good!
my \"desk\" is so small that 1/4 of my notebook barely fits 
chapter 1, 2, ....6?
Risley seriously needs to retire already..
these 45 minute walks will be nicer when it's cooler outside.
almost got taken out by a garbage truck while I was crossing Tryon.. I'd say I'm wide awake now!
just whipped together some avocado chicken salad and it's phenomenal.
butter pecan ice cream cone 
cliff jumping 
Kirby literally doesn't get tired.. after our morning walk we have been playing fetch for over an hour.. I'm over it, but he's not 
beyond excited for a girls dinner date, especially since I haven't had carbs this week and we're getting Italian 
such a productive day 
what possessed me to put an empty Advil bottle back in the cabinet  now I have a headache and no relief.
but random two hour parking lot conversations after walking off campus to your car.. are awesomely appreciated 
especially when you've based it on non-factual, biased, word of mouth. incredibly childish.
it is grossly pathetic to initiate petty drama as an adult, especially once you've graduated college #MatureAlready
these headaches will be the death of me for sure #CaffeineWithdrawals
professor just moved our lecture hall to the complete opposite corner of campus, to a building I've never even heard of before 
find what you love and let it kill you.
early mornings 
there are more potential connections between the neurons in the brain than there are atoms in the universe #ProfoundlyBeautiful
reading and homework, I love being back in my routine 
had my last cup of coffee at 1:50, I'm currently dying 
UMMM why is there so much pchem happening in inorganic today  I thought I was done with that.
after the past year of hell (pchem, instrumental, etc) this semester will be a complete BREEZE 
@KIBerg17 in the same! It's so frustrating!
I really can't believe I have to go to freshman english this morning... 
\"she was terminally pretty\"
meal prep for the week, then dinner and Netflix.
such a great day, ending summer on a wonderful note!
spending the first day of classes drinking mimosas poolside with one of my favorites 
seven years versus three days.. I will adjust eventually!
I couldn't find my car in the grocery store parking lot.. it's because I was looking for the wrong one 
constant switchbacks 
same sex, different colors.. right on  #DoYou
Asheville bound 
I love bruises, especially the colorful ones! #Weirdo
have some really cool airbag bruises on my arms.. just now noticing them.
sold the civic today  and officially turned the tags into DMV.
killer headache and all I want is to sleep 
insanely high and low day.. I can't handle such a bipolarity 
@KIBerg17 me too! It will just take time to adjust, I'm sure it will be fine!
I'm just beyond thankful that both my little sister and I walked away unharmed physically.  @suzie_baiz
@KIBerg17 eh, it's an old jeep and I was super attached to my civic. I was the only driver and paid it all off.. I miss my manual also.
RIP civic  the last seven years have been fantastic, I'm so incredibly sad to see you go.
the civic was undeniably totaled.. so I was proactive and purchased a Jeep.
nothing like an accident to ruin a great day.
finally taking the little one cliff jumping today  @suzie_baiz
powering down an hour prior to bed.. doctors orders.. goodnight all 
finally got a nice large bookcase to house my ever growing book collection 
 too true @FactsAboutBoys: the only nation i will ever rule is procrastination
oil pulling has become a great addition to my morning routine.. I definitely recommend it!
got in a full 7 hours with the little beauty.. so much fun catching up with Nhai &amp; Preston too!
it's hard to put this book down, but it's time to go see Miss Sierra 
reading on the balcony, found a great book at the last word today.
I absolutely adore the last word.
watching Jack and the cuckoo-clock heart.. my brother knows me best.
it's really irritating when people post about things they CLEARLY know nothing about.. #TakeAScienceClass
just walked straight into a giant spider web  I'm blaming Kirby for this one.
soaking in the hot tub after a workout could quit possibly be the best feeling ever.
I truly despise UNCC right now..
don't know what to do since I can't park on campus this week... ugh I really don't want to walk.
shoutout to my parents for the match to my balcony chair! supporting their favorite charity case  #Moi
golf.. I found a cure to my insomnia 
football is officially back for the #Eagles  I couldn't be happier!
\"now is not the time, football is on\" the minion knows what's up  @suzie_baiz
wonderful night out with the incredible Maxwell Prentice  he will forever be my favorite!
getting served after 2am.. so clutch  I love being in the industry.
\"pasta is just wet bread\" -Max  I'm offended.
got sent home with quite a few bottles of my favorite sparkling sake  #Zipang
shots at work for my last night 
I'm pretty confident I can sit on my balcony and just read for hours on end 
relaxing before my LAST shift at AZN tonight  #ComeVisitMe
another restless night  today will be rough.
@oisen25 I could do two.. I didn't say I wanna be ripped, I'll take a decent toning 
if only my abs were half as toned as my legs 
dinner on the balcony with hippie sabotage on blast 
just resigned my lease.. for a nice increase to $800 a month, just for rent. yay. increased rent for no increased amenities. #Annoying
oh my, I see the sun  and I'm done in the lab.. it's a great day!
a tequila sunrise for lunch was just what I needed 
can I just be a natgeo photographer?! they have the best life!
sounds like a ratchet concert at PNC tonight.. the idea of sleep is out the window 
winding down early in hopes of getting some decent sleep, busy day tomorrow.
tickets for both breaking benjamin and three days grace have been purchased 
@KIBerg17 that would be the greatest treat ever!
I just found flights to Alaska for half the price I was initially finding! I must book this ASAP.
25 hours later and she has decided to bless us with her beautiful presence  happy birthday Sierra Ann Pope!
nothing truly wakes you up quite like breathing in a cloud of aluminum tribromide fumes 
coffee coffee coffee 
oh Mr. Sandman, what ever did I do to you?! 
watching the sky light up from the balcony, glass of chianti in hand.. this is what it's all about.
going to see Nhai &amp; Preston! it's baby girls arrival day!
my insomnia has been outrageous lately, trying to get back in a semi decent routine  #WishItWouldGoAway #InsomniaWillKillMe
another great day in the books, now off to rest up for this busy week ahead 
I absolutely love amusement parks  perfect day at Carowinds!
CAROWINDS bound 
I swear my family is either blowing me up in a group text or never responding.. there is no inbetween.
I am not setting an alarm for tomorrow  this is about to be amazing!
so I guess my TV has been on since I left my apartment.. that's cool.
underneath the palm trees, you can leave your worries 
hippie sabotage makes my soul happy
a vanilla Starbucks doubleshot would be EXCELLENT right about now..
people that get everything handed to them are jokes, they have no clue about reality.
YESSSS  #ThatsMe #AllOverThePlace @TheFunnyTeens: There's two types of people in the world http://t.co/aG6m1Drlfp
don't you think the @49ers should have released Aldon Smith after he made bomb threats last year?! this really shouldn't shock anyone.
I really just opened my closet door and smacked myself in the forehead.. nice little bruise growing.. #OnlyMe #HereIsToFriday
@JudyBaiz yeah, maybe they do.. but I learned it from you 
I would like to thank my mother for the skill of being able to eat half a block of sharp cheddar cheese in one sitting  @JudyBaiz
@chiefwahoo24 not to mention prior bomb threats, illegal possession of assault weapons.. This is 3rd DUI.
@chiefwahoo24 with Smiths rap sheet, he should've been done a LONG time ago..
hate not feeling well 
I've been so lazy ever since I turned in my last final for the summer #LazyThursday
the second I walk outside on my across campus trek to my car.. it starts raining  umbrella doesn't help much when it's in the car.
the two critical books I need for fall are in my Amazon cart, $247.84. if anyone would like to get them for me that would be great 
Tycho radio, bamboo &amp; willow candles, and a blank word document.. let's go.
just tried oil pulling for the first time, definitely indifferent.
@suzie_baiz it's in the 70s there, it's not too cold. Perfect camping weather.
If I save $100/month from now til graduation, I'll be in the beautiful Chugach Mountains to reward myself for four long years of hard work!
relaxing with my little man before knocking out these last two final papers #AlmostDone
\"The face can change when the heart knows fear\" 
no point in worrying about it now, so I'm going to relax.
I really hope all that work this summer didn't just go to waste 
Cannot. Believe. That. Just. Happened. 
practically every esteemed professor in the chemistry department wants me to work for them in the fall-5 of them- nerd game is paying off!
my procrastination is seriously giving me a run for my grade on this final presentation  #StressMode
some people just rub me the wrong damn way sometimes.. you're not perfect, nor do you have the right to judge me.
I washed my hair at 10 last night and my roots are still very wet 
three papers due by midnight... AND GO 
definitely in Burson in my bathing suit.. that's what happens when you've got the Sunday night carbon slot 
I just watched an hour long speechless movie.. and I enjoyed it.  #Oceans #MovingArt
my brother joined the #civic life today 
I hope the extensive off season roster changes turn into a strongly cohesive team, excited to see the progress  #TrainingCampStartsToday
the woman next to me at a red light rolled down her window to tell me she liked my hair  #MadeMyDay
tutoring organic chemistry then off to sling drinks for the night.. two completely different worlds.
just made my last EVER summer school payment  it was really tough this year without the help of a tax return, but I did it!!
perks of ensuring daily commutes are always less than five miles 
with all the roadtrips I've taken in the last seven years (hundreds) I'm beyond shocked that I'm only at 90,000 miles.
the civic just hit 90,000 miles 
all about some deadbeat summer   #NeonIndian
lightening so intense I thought it was daylight for a split second #CrazyStorm
this is some of the most intense thunder I have ever experienced, and I love it.
finally some much needed girl time with @missmarycollins 
@UNCCbookstore this is beyond great, thank you so much for raising awareness to this matter! Reading the article now, well done :)
chill music and aromatherapy, it doesn't get much better than this 
beyond annoyed with Thornberry right now.. seriously don't ever consider living at Thornberry in Charlotte, they are awful.
@oisen25 can we not discuss this.. if we don't talk about it, it isn't real 
I am so sick of writing papers and reflections  9 more days until it's over!
take me back to Sherando Lake and the Blue Ridge Mountains please 
oh back to reality 
mountain roads that caution 5 mph are the most fun 
mountainside bound 
four hours until I see Jess, Christopher, and RILEY SKYY 
it's really bizarre to be home without Kirby, but I know that @suzie_baiz is giving him lots of loving!
in other news, I am really digging this new beer I tried tonight #DeadGuy #Rogue #OregonBrewed
running extremely late to work 
an idiot abroad 
I always think Kirby is on the needy side, but then I stay at my parents and Zoe makes him look unaffectionate in comparison.
iron &amp; wine  thank you.
all of this heat lightening is gorgeous.. setting the sky on fire 
yet another farewell to Matthew.. he's now off to Boston! can't wait to visit #ToBostonWithLove
I haven't been to Montford in a long time.
ending this day with a good read #TheHappinessHypothesis
It should seriously be illegal to drive 20 mph under the speed limit with your hazards on for no reason.
stopped traffic my entire commute because NC drivers are effing morons.. IT IS LIGHT RAIN, if that terrifies you, stay the fuck home!!! 
Max texts me goodnight and asks for pics of Kirby before bed.. what a weirdo  http://t.co/Gio1Tv8IFA
addicted to Aquarius and it's totally my parents fault.
77 N is literally a game of dodging semi-trucks right now 
well that worked out perfectly as can be, beyond a perfect night!
too relevant  my chemistry people will understand @ThatsSarcasm: \"K\" well potassium you too, motherfucker
and there goes the power.. I have 47% battery on the Mac to finish up this assignment 
I cut up some fresh broccoli &amp; cauliflower this morning, to leave it on the counter when I left 
all assignments submitted with two hours before they close! whew, glad I got that done.
posted up on the balcony, letting the creative juices flow.. or forcing them too, same thing right?
and let the rain begin 
essays on essays due tonight, and two quizzes. I'll be writing the night away 
essays on essays due tonight, and two quizzes. I'll be writing the night away 
joined the Fitbit club  until mom takes it back anyway.. haha
no luck or good news on the research front.. but headed home to see the fam for a little bit before HW crunch time.
research research research.. consuming my Sunday Funday, but hopefully it's worth it!
I did NOT learn my lesson last week, I still left the majority of my assignments until the day they are due  not enough hours in a day!
still baffles me that people just aren't honest, especially to their friends!
snapchat is back to stopping your music when you open it.. how can I downgrade back to the better version !
most frequently traveled roads in uni: 29, 49 &amp; Harris.. who the eff decided extensive construction on all three simultaneously? #iHateThem
how do I always manage to get to ihop at their peak times with a 30 minute wait?! #NeverFails #GiveMeCoffee
my bed has never felt so good.. can't wait to sleep in tomorrow!
it's always better to beg for forgiveness than ask for permission 
the ligaments in my knee are KILLING me today.. I have no idea what happened 
honesty is not always synonymous with truth.
if I must say.. it's been a damn good Monday!
so excited to see plums in season! yuumm.
the problem with this world is that we live backwards while pretending to move ahead.
six hours into my day and I already feel like I've been really productive 
ready to tackle today 
all assignments submitted and finally off to bed with another phenomenal weekend in the books 
there is no reality, only perception.
congrats to the US women's soccer team for defeating Japan for yet another World Cup win 
\"you be the  I'll be the  and when we burst.. start over oh darlin' begin again\" purity ring soothes my soul 
that moment when you're driving with the sunroof open and it instantly starts to downpour.. haha fun stuff.
why did I leave ALL of my homework for one of my classes until the day it's due.. today.. 
minions first time at the whitewater center today  lets kill some rope courses! @suzie_baiz
gen ed requirements are a complete waste of my money and time.. which leads to immense frustration 
lightening bugs are the epitome of summer nights 
today has been a really crappy day, hoping to feel better for my busy day tomorrow!
@suzie_baiz don't worry, once you get to 99 they all reset back to zero anyway. Ha.
good morning America! what are we offended by, or afraid of today?! #iAmSickOfIt
wide awake 
paid my installment for school  now just have to make the rest of rent by Saturday.
long day #2 
woohoo USA 
@UNCCbookstore that's amazing and will be extremely beneficial for students :)
@UNCCbookstore I'm aware, it's just frustrating as a student to purchase a required $198 book that won't be bought back&amp;I'll never use again
UAing orgo 2 lab then headed home to start cleaning/organizing my parents garage.
I could not force myself out of bed today.. what's wrong with me?!
well.. that came out of left field, without warning of course.. geeez.
why is the elephant such a pessimist?
\"Our life is the creation of our mind.\"  -Buddha
it's just not going to be my day today, trying to get everything done early so I can hole up at home!
of the $298 I spent on books for summer session 1..only ONE book was being bought back by the bookstore..for TWO dollars #WTF @UNCCProblems
managed to somehow leave my phone at home.. so if you're trying to reach me, that is why I'm not answering! #Stressful
PM yoga, hot green tea, and a long distance phone call.. perfect way to end my day 
the roxy bikini top I'm rocking today is from 8th grade. the first thing I purchased with my first ever paycheck #Priorities #BikiniAddict
my hands are always full of inexplicable cuts.. apparently I slashed my thumb at some point #BartenderLife
this weather makes me wish I was cuddled up at home watching Netflix.. instead I'm behind the bar for the night, come visit me! #AZN
Max just walked in and handed me a candy bar.. my favorite kind 
@abovawhisper a really good friend of mine is moving there!
looks like I'm going to Boston for fall break  #CongratsMatt
sitting in traffic gives me a cramp.. literally.. in my left foot #ManualProbs
I would say today is a big step in American history, all humans are capable of loving whomever their heart desires #EqualityForAll 
FINGERS CROSSED BIG TIME.. the next two hours is crucial 
it's going to be a LONG 18+ hour day.. BUT if this morning goes well, I'll be on cloud 9 for all of it! #FingersCrossed
if anyone knows of any side jobs.. ranging from babysitting to guest bartending.. let me know!
I definitely wanted to end this 12 hour day by walking across campus through a thunderstorm with torrential rain #Sarcasm
who has a telescope?!
get to campus for a four hour tutoring session and starbucks is closed  today's going to be miserable.
don't know why I looked forward to summer so much.. I'm busier than ever, broke and I'm always stuck inside unable to enjoy the weather 
beers with friends after a long day is always fantastic, especially on a patio on this beautifully pleasant evening.
analytical characterizations alllll dayyy.. mixed in with 5 hours of tutoring #BusyLife
left lab early to lay out in the sun.. because it's too damn perfect and beautiful not to  #SummerLove #iLikeItHot
archer 
I absolutely love when artists interact with their fans at concerts! @mattnathanson @TheFray @train went above &amp; beyond tonight #ThankYou
oh hey Isaac Slade  up close and personal with the lead singer of The Fray
Matt Nathanson broke out some grease tunes MID song.. kind of very impressed and pleased.
busy day, then concert tonight with the minion @suzie_baiz
the USA girls get the first goal 
and I'm off early so off to lebowski's we go  #FridayNightFun
all the boys came to visit me at work 
lunch with the lab boys is always a great remedy to two hour long group meetings
late night visitors &amp; sleepovers are pretty much the best!
you make me completely miserable 
super excited to spend Sunday with Madison playing/feeding animals! #StillAKidAtHeart
I wake up and go through my entire day exhausted.. I finally crawl into bed at the end of my day and instantly I'm wide awake  #NotLogical
pink floyd on the drive home? don't mind if I do 
working with neurotoxins today 
it amazes me how easily I can be persuaded to pick up extra bar shifts.. especially when my fav people are working.
wow, summer sure shows you how fake your school \"friends\" are.. good riddance I guess  #SeeYaBye #TheirLoss
I could sleep all day to this rain, and gosh would that be so perfect.
I am waiting for the rain to subside before I leave my house.. 
third time's the charm! sushi for dinner 
iron &amp; wine will be at the Fillmore in July, definitely picking up extra shifts so I can go to that show!
planet earth and Kirby cuddles to end this weekend and prepare for the upcoming week.
buffalo chicken stuffed zucchini is going to be my go to meal for a while, it was so delish!
when did they change the speed limit on 485?! not that I abide by those things, but good to know!
three exams to take and a paper to write today.. thank you to my schedule and procrastination 
some people are just irreplaceable.
late nite food &amp; drinks with Maxwell after work
I'm going to take this Friday night to sleep a full 6 hours.. hopefully 
glad I survived that over two hour group meeting this morning 
5 popsicles and 1500mg of aspirin later.. I can only hope for a voice tomorrow  #BedtimeWishes
PURITY RING KILLED IT  thank you for gracing Charlotte with your show tonight!! http://t.co/LgOOuQKenb
IT. WAS. AMAZING.
much needed brother/sister hang sesh  @AmosSouthend: Doors open at 8pm TONIGHT for Purity Ring. The show is SOLD OUT!
gotta love a six hour time difference... http://t.co/tvXUl0pmaJ
It's 8am on Thurs for Kristina &amp; 7pm on Wed for Matt.. they're simultaneously snapping me sunny pics from two different days #MindBlown
I love that my entire day revolves around organic chemistry  #MyFavorite
sleep deprivation doesn't even begin to describe my situation.
100% true. I can only dream.. @AdventuresTrip: Truth  http://t.co/YcgRZid7x7
ready to sleep like a baby tonight because of this storm 
sublime radio, strong cup of coffee, and 6 samples ready for NMR scans..
\"my eyes burn, from these tears\" OH newbies please learn to work cleaner..  good reason to sing some matchbook romance though 
Matthew's ringtone definitely startles me when it wakes me up in the middle of the night  thankfully I live alone and that wasn't witnessed
the world lost a beautiful mind this weekend.. RIP Dr. John Nash
today is a day of reflection. grateful thoughts to those that have given some, and mostly to those that have given all, for our country 
come finish your #SundayFunday strong on the patio bar with me 
my psychological resilience is off the charts 
big camping/hiking trip is booked for the end of July  #RileysFirstTimeCamping #BestfriendsBirthdayTrip
week 1 of summer classes, research, tutoring and work are finished.. and I survived 
so excited to not have an alarm set for tomorrow morning  ready to catch up on sleep!
that moment when you ace an assignment you know was probably some of your worst work with bare minimal effort #iAlmostFeelBad
@chiefwahoo24 just in time for them to close the other lane, which I fear my be worse? 
the coffee pot is taking forever this morning.. or I'm just being super impatient. #CoffeeFirst 
why did I agree to tutor at 8am on a Friday?!
the fact that Kirby has a Christmas toy that still squeaks is both astonishing and annoying.
welcome to the etzkorn group newbies.. you have officially experienced working with lacrymators 
\"One should so live that one becomes a form of fiction. To be a fact is to be a failure.\" 
my professor makes us listen to and discuss npr news clips  this makes me happy.
reading on the balcony as the storm rolls in  #iLoveIt
back to reality..
falling asleep to life 
what have I gotten myself into this summer?!
sunday funday 
back roads + windows down + music up = clear mind 
\"Baby don't worry 'bout a thing, cause every little thing is gonna be alright\"
slingin' drinks tonight  come see me!
might as well run errands since I can't sleep!
dear body: I know I gave you 2 hours of sleep and you think you're fully functional, but I would give anything for more sleep right now.
and he's off  #CountdownToAugust
insomnia 
if only time could stand still, I would live in the past few days forever.
avoid 485 south bound around the Matthews exit.. all lanes closed due to fatal accident.
the realization that classes start back up in 3 days  how did my \"break\" go by so fast?!
got off work early and got myself an extra night  trying to delay the inevitable!
come hang out at the bar with me (and help fund a flight to Hawaii ) #AZN
I sure have missed the family meals at AZN 
apparently I managed to lose JUST my house keys last night.. how does that even happen?
going to spend my last night in the foreseeable future with Matt.. I wore my expensive makeup so I can't cry  #ToHawaiiWithLove
@fhnixon NO, the true tragedy is that Framing Hanley will not be making new music to bless my ears with 
@LauraCantrell_ this tweet encompasses your life.. fully 
@oisen25 naps are life. that is all.
mmmm so glad mom wanted wings for Mother's Day, they hit the spot!
People that consistently complain are pathetic, it's time to grow up.
finally time to crawl into bed 
out with the ones I can always count on  getting weird in NoDa 
perfect night at work  lots of wonderful people came to hang out and start their night with me  love you all!
poolside before slingin' drinks tonight #PerfectDay
poolside was beyond perfect again, but now it's naptime before it's time to party the night away 
getting breakfast before round 2 starts today 
beyond perfect way to spend the day after finals  #ILoveMyLife
fun and games eventually turns into reality  glad I'm on the fun side of things!
shots at noon are totally acceptable when you just finished your last final for the semester 
FINALS ARE FINALLY FUCKING OVER #CollegeIn5Words
this exam needs to hurry up and be done with.. I have better things to get to! 
DONE WITH PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY FOR EVERRRRR  #SeeYaBye 
did some yoga on the balcony during the sunrise this morning.. ready to conquer these exams then it's officially summer 
who cares about finals when there's bottomless margaritas for cinco de mayo?!  you won't find me studying 
I'm not sure why Dr. Cooper shook my hand as I turned in my exam, he will regret that once he grades that atrocity 
I've spent two hours by the pool, I guess it's time to go turn in the things that are due today even though I really don't want to leave.
the moon is absolutely breathtaking right now, I even pulled over to admire it 
this may be the first semester I go into every final with zero minutes of study time.. seriously 
the lengths I will go to avoid staring at my notes is incredible.
the tanning wars have officially begun, my minion thinks that she can out tan me  #ItsOnLittleOne @suzie_baiz
@riceczek best way to wake up  continue to enjoy your day!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @riceczek  just because it's all downhill from here doesn't mean you can't still party like a rockstar 
there's nothing some girl talk at ihop can't cure 
It's a great day for blowing off studying and laying by the pool 
nothing like oversleeping the day of your first final 
the draft may or may not be completely trumping studying for my final tomorrow.. just saying.
watching the sun rise with a cup of coffee was a great way to start the day 
wide awake.. not sure if it's worth trying to get sleep or just going straight through?
truly can't stand how fake some people are.. seriously cut it out, everyone knows, EVERYONE knows.. your transparency is obvious.
only on reading day are the parking decks still practically empty at 11 
the ignorance of some people seriously makes me irate 
CLASSES ARE OFFICIALLY OVER 
@riceczek it's all downhill after 25 
officially have studied zero minutes for this biochem exam, and at this point I'm sticking by my no study plan 
about to walk into a house full of haters 
when you thought you still had 3 pchem reports to write and realize you only have 2  #DayMade
have a heavy heart for all those affected by the devastating earthquake in Nepal.
guy next to me at the red light just told me he loves my hair 
Max called me a mermaid  life is complete!
BEYOND obsessed with my hair 
three hours left of the blonde 
no matter how exhausted I am, I can NEVER just fall asleep  it's pure torture.
way over slept  but at least I'm rested for this super annoying day.
14 days from today and I'm finished with finals and this semester 
going to pchem was a complete waste of time.. no surprise there 
going to pchem was a complete waste of time.. no surprise there 
I didn't think it was possible for someone to \"block\" you yet still favorite your tweets #YourLoss
you made an informed choice, deal with the consequences #StopTheStalking
I only have three more days left to enjoy my platinum blonde hair  #ExcitingThingsComing
I completely threw the starbucks ladies off this morning when I ordered an iced coffee  so I got one of each.
this thunderstorm is incredible 
and it's hailing 
@LDiesel22 we are in all sorts of unfavorable situations.. very heartbreaking as a fan right now!!
@LDiesel22 I am not a fan of this.
family dinner conversation topics: alcohol, sex, and serial killers (mainly canabolism)  @JudyBaiz @suzie_baiz
I can now die happily  LIFE MADE fucking love y'all @DVBBS @AlexDVBBS @ChrisDVBBS  http://t.co/xNW63RZ26Z
Kirby playtime is forever the best part of my days 
I seriously need to find some damn motivation to finish these last couple of weeks.
yes.. I cry over cut hair like a baby 
I am really dreading this hair cut 
the more stuff in the excited state leads to more stimulated emission  #ThanksCooper
this rain makes me want to stay home in bed with some Netflix.
when I forget all the important things at home (headphones, calculator) @LauraCantrell_ has my back 
it's about to be absolutely impossible to get ANYTHING done without my headphones  NOT okay.
I might not always pay attention.. but at least I have the decency to NOT talk while my classmates are speaking at the front of the class.
I'm going to freak out if Twitter doesn't stop showing notifications for \"new tweets\"
crazy unexpected..
busting out some pchem reports in Burson  the countdown is on #17Days
@suzie_baiz because you have the best big sister ever 
homemade drinks, Tycho in the background, and wonderful times with @LauraCantrell_ tonight  #GirlTime #LoveHer
if you drive a Lamborghini you shouldn't be anywhere near UNCC.. just saying..
rooftop drinks uptown with the beautiful @LauraCantrell_
@LauraCantrell_ hell yes it does 
South Park 
hanging with the boys to end the night 
movie date with @LauraCantrell_ 
okay.. for leather reclining seats, with food trays, and comfort.. It's worth it!
since when do they assign you a specific seat when you buy a movie ticket?! This shit is ridiculous..
#NapTime
feels good to be back into our Friday routine of off campus lunch 
boy am I glad that's over!
I have an exam at 8 in the morning.. WHY can I not sleep?!
relaxing with my Kirby! glad to finally be back in our home 
this just in: the pope loves fat noodles!
the last thing I want to spend my time on is studying pchem.. stupid exam.
I despise people that do not properly care for their animals, regardless of how \"self-sufficient\" you think they are.
it's 467954 degrees in Burson, with a 99.99% chance of an ear piercing high pitch buzzing.. can't even deal!!
I have a bottle of wine in my backpack.. and I swear I'm not an alcoholic  #SpecialProject
apparently you can no longer refill prescriptions online for the SHC.. this has changed within the last 28 days  more inconvenience.
when you have no clue what you're doing in pchem lab.. you just smile and joke around.. might as well laugh off the failure 
four weeks from this very moment I will be 100% done with this semester.. finals and all 
can't handle this week, can I get a redo?!
nothing like a thunderstorm to lull me to sleep 
it's that awkward too late to be productive but too early to sleep time.
must see movie: The Way
the goal is for your music to be louder than your thoughts  #MusicTherapy
trying to stay productive on this gloomy day is really difficult, especially with an SVU marathon on 
I just want to scream at the top of my lungs  oh wait, I DID.
yuck, duke won.. how tragic.
dinner and wine on the back patio, enjoying this beautiful weather.
$11.28 on groceries for the week, I'm impressed publix!
@oisen25 do you remember when we saw them at krockathon in 2009?!
In lieu of this news, I will ONLY be listening to Framing Hanley today  and reminiscing the countless shows, meet&amp;greets, memories. FH
I can't believe Framing Hanley is ending this chapter in their--and all of our lives  definitely brings tears to my eyes.
I clean one room, and come to find out she's downstairs dirtying up another one. GROSS! Missing class to clean this mess.
have you ever sneezed with your mouth full of cereal?! yeah.. it goes everywhere #Monday
Zoe is on my shit list 
the dogs have completely taken over the entire bed, both stretched out and fast asleep.. at least they are comfortable.
shamelessly spent ALL day being lazy with the dogs, loved every minute #HappySunday #EasterWithTheDogs
the perfect night.. dinner with Madison then drinks with the boys uptown was just what I needed 
lab report turned in  reaction started &amp; worked up  errands completed  time to start the weekend 
beyond sleep deprived, utterly exhausted, yet still can't fall asleep.. I don't even understand 
late night adventure with the Kirby 
there are not words to describe how frustrated I am right now. and tired. and hungry.
@suzie_baiz WHAT?!
@suzie_baiz you better not get a B
done with ecology for the semester.. one down.. four to go 
ready to get this exam over with and on with my ridiculously long day.. running on zero sleep 
just now finished my ecology study guide.. I guess I should study it since the exam is in nine hours 
don't ask me if I want food, then come back with a ton of food and nothing for me after I say yes and eat loudly in front of my face #EffYou
Kirby thinks that by laying in my doorway and looking adorable, I won't leave for the day  I wish I didn't have to!
buying wine that you can't drink is the biggest tease.. especially this week.
holy wind.. thanks for giving my hair a makeover 
it truly amazes me how slow the employees are at every food place on campus.. 2 people in front of me, still takes 15 min.. HOW?
I don't want to hear about fucking dip spit.. that's disgusting.
clean hair, music and sunshine.. the three best things in the world.
people that whine and complain about things they can change are grossly aggravating.
you're never too old for a bowl of cereal for dinner 
finally heading home 
hippie sabotage is hitting the spot 
so my vacuum died.. and half of my carpets still have carpet fresh on them what do I do now?!
after 5 hours in club atkins I need a change of scenery.. off to burson I go!
struggling to find my motivation today.. but I must get to atkins by noon 
mmm thai food after a few awesome races 
go-kart racing 
beers and wings  absolutely in love with @LauraCantrell_
Chevelle radio to get me in the mindset  ready to get this over with.
yoga on the balcony in this gorgeous weather was perfect 
@suzie_baiz unnecessary to be rude.
@suzie_baiz and this is relevant why?
my brain is screaming to me how not important this material is by not allowing me to retain it 
instrumental analysis and electroanalytical chemistry can go be irrelevant elsewhere.. beyond over this crap.
the ten min prior to registration when you sit at the computer anxiously and hope to the collegiate gods that you get the classes you want
three hours of sleep has never felt so awful, coffeeeeee
chemistry fun as a study break #NerdLife http://t.co/QorWaZIDs2
@riceczek damn I'm sorry, that's tragic.
@riceczek your friends super suck!
because for real, you can never have enough iPhone backup chargers 
you know your friends when they leave their charger behind &amp; instead of taking it home for a backup you tell them you'll get it to them tmrw
I have two extra tickets for Milky Chance at Amos' tonight!! It's a sold out show.. first come, first serve 
taking advantage of my parents DVR &amp; trying to catch up on all my favorite shows while I procrastinate this busy week as much as possible.
positive that I'm the worst public speaker in the world 
\"you can still be what you want to, what you said you were when I met you.. when you met me\"
being sick and studying my hours away were not particularly how I wanted to spend this beautiful weekend.
such a beautiful day  too bad I'll be spending it under a pile of books in club atkins.
that was quite possibly the best nap ever.
I had no clue the Milky Chance show was sold out.. now I feel lucky to have tickets 
my patience for this six hour instrumental lab though.. not particularly high 
I would love to just sleep all day 
hanging out with the little one at the hospital tonight hopefully made her happy.. post surgery is never fun! http://t.co/O4BmUUWMzK
I can't stand people that think they know everything.. Ever.
unfortunately my little sister needs surgery tonight 
yayyy Max is here 
I love that I can go weeks without talking to some of my friends, but when I need them they don't hesitate to drop everything. #TrueFriends
the sun will shine regardless of your mood, so always be happy and wear a smile 
how fitting that my reaction is green today  #StPatricksDay
@megastosin ahhh. yeah, but they weren't the particular band I had on.
@megastosin DCFC?
I'm not sure why, but somber music always cheers me up!
doing instrumental during eco.. yay for being behind.. and I still feel not so good 
Happy St. Patty's Day 
who wants to rub my back &amp; play with my hair  #HateFeelingCrappy
finishing the rest of the absolutely necessary homework.. then bed for me, I don't feel so well 
it's after 9.. guess I should do some homework 
this dinner is beyond perfect  I even surprise myself sometimes!
hair appointments are made for the end of April  #CantWait
here's to hoping we collide 
I'm beyond hungry.
after an entire day of napping, I'm still exhausted 
bar crawl pre-game is three hours strong, just waiting for the rain to stop 
if you can't drive in the city.. don't go to the city.
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas 
delayed assignments equals free time for fun on a Thursday 
@ESPNNFL I sure hope Chip knows what he's doing  must say I'm a concerned fan 
@riceczek wait.. that's not a normal feeling?!
spring is finally here! I love that I can go out for the day and not bring a jacket 
here goes nothing!
It's finally time to start studying for my exam that's in 9 hours 
17 hours on campus and I still have so much to do 
I really don't need a bio advisor to tell me what classes I need to take.. I never listen to him anyway, wastes both of our time.
a text message from a great friend that's been MIA for a while just made my entire week 
going to bed early in hopes of being productive really early tomorrow morning #WishfulThinking
 @WhatTheFFacts: Only 2% of the world's population has green colored eyes.
had a perfectly enjoyable day, now to force  some productivity 
I love starting my day with a good hike!
no feeling can trump that of fresh sheets.
sun out, windows down, music on, open road.. the best therapy, I love it.
I can't stand getting stopped at the same light twice! If only NC people could learn how to drive!
@suzie_baiz you better be up this early tomorrow when I get you to go hiking!
beyond excited to get out to the park today 
the virgin suicides before bed.
get back to club atkins after lunch.. they announce it's closing in 30 min  there goes my productivity.
feel like I'm about to hit the wall of productivity in atkins..  finishing up my current subject &amp; heading out.
I can't wait until daylight savings this weekend 
got the windows cracked open to listen to the rain 
it is a great day for staying home and relaxing 
I'm so much happier when my hair is straight 
the civic is getting a bath on this fine day 
it is absolutely gorgeous outside 
Kirby is awfully cuddly tonight and I absolutely love it 
and financial aid for my last year as an undergrad is officially submitted 
just finished my taxes.. yayy summer school money.
I would really love 365 days and an endless bank account solely dedicated to traveling and exploring the beauty of this earth.
enjoyed a cup of tea relaxing on the balcony with Kirby.. happy to be home.
there's a dunkin donuts at the gas station I stopped at  #Perfection #Coffee
Winnie the Pooh with Riley before I have to head back to Charlotte 
all the ice is melting! headed back to Charlotte today.. bittersweet.
all this sleet and ice that Baltimore got today will be delayed my morning departure for sure.
making big moves.. just went from pajamas to leggings &amp; a hoodie 
woke up to snow on my car.. yuck.
I desperately needed a coffee this morning so I brought back a dozen donuts, Riley gave me the biggest smile  that made it worth everything
adult date night while Ri guy is at grandmas 
I thought this Ellie Goulding, Calvin Harris collab was going to be mind blowing.. and I'm highly disappointed.
@suzie_baiz should have stuck with it. lesson learned!
off to Baltimore 
it's snowing in DC 
I made it here safely :)
full tank of gas, DC here I come. see ya later Charlotte 
I love when it snows, the sky gets eerily pink and it's dark out but really light at the same time. 
now that I'm pretty sure classes will be cancelled all day tomorrow, the snow can stop so that I can travel to DC safely!
20 minutes so far and I can't even get out of my parking spot. Woohoooo #SnowDay is starting spring break early.
pretty sure that every single person that's parked on this campus is currently trying to leave 
never going to get off campus.
never going to get off campus.
so my ecology exam is now AFTER spring break  really lucked out on that one!
HOLY SHIT UNCC PROACTIVELY CANCELLED CLASSES?! That's a first @UNCCProblems 
charges went from misdemeanor to felony real quick.. maybe you'll think before you go crazy on an innocent person again.
how did I not take the morning commute into uptown into account this morning?! 
sitting in traffic on the way to Honda.
ughh the civic has to go to Honda in the morning.. cause that's going to be quick and easy.. 
edamame hummus 
being responsible doesn't make memories.. time to enjoy the night with awesome people 
I am the type of person that will respond to a text so quickly that I miss half the information and send multiple follow up texts  guilty.
taking advantage of some Netflix since @suzie_baiz is in school and Billy is most likely sleeping 
I have decided eff today. I'm going home.
@KIBerg17 @oisen25  still something to be incredibly proud about!
@oisen25 @KIBerg17 CONGRATS! that's so amazing!!
@abovawhisper yeah I'm currently walking campus in 
@suzie_baiz mecklenburg county is the ONLY one open 
there's snow on my car, it's still solidly snowing, and no classes are cancelled at UNCC.. #GoNiners
@riceczek OMG noooo. Thankfully I'm goofy towards everyone and it's all innocent fun &amp; games 
I snap the wrong people ALL the time 
oasis makes me happy 
running Orgo 2 problem session. nice break from my workload.
so ready to just get this exam over with! many other things I would like to devote my energy toward today 
I'm so sick of people that complain their professors are \"too hard\" seriously.. this is college, it's not supposed to be easy. #GoAway
90s rock is making me very happy this morning!
if only every day could start this way!
wake up yoga while breakfast is in the oven 
completely relaxed and ready for a great nights sleep 
time for PM yoga 
I have not been productive since the moment I got home, and it has felt GREAT.
make that FOUR light cycles.. but now I'm first in line and I actually know how to drive, so that's good.
there NEEDS to be a left arrow for the light leaving Mallard Pointe.. three light cycles later I'm still waiting 
you know your dog is spoiled when you go to the store specifically for breakfast ingredients and still spend more money on him  #KirbyKins
just realized I'm out of avocados.. which means I have to end my study session before the store closes  #ExamDayRituals #Breakfast
quick Archer study break 
a full morning of chemical therapy.. now for a full day of biochem study  #AtkinsFlow
extremely productive 18 hours.. must repeat tomorrow!
bamboo and willow aromatherapy and my Tycho playlist #MoodSet #StudyTime
when they say the exit nearest your vehicle is closing.. time to evacuate the building  it was a real eight hours club atkins.
been at club atkins for 4 hours.. 4 more to go  #ExamCram
I wish I could track my etsy purchases  #NerdShirtsOnTheWay #Impatient
I get in my car and the Beatles are on.. it's going to be a great day 
dark side of the moon vinyl edition  in heaven @LauraCantrell_
here goes nothing  ready to get it over with!
decided to not kill myself in exam preparation tonight.. curious to see how this goes!
I need coffee in the worst kind of way.
I really just need about 6 more hours added to each day..
my car conveniently gets warm as soon as I get home 
the snow is pretty.. too bad I'm stuck in pchem lab until 5
coming up for air 
Above the Earth, Below the Sky. 
I love how @LauraCantrell_ and I communicate via text &amp; multiple social media apps.. at the same time.. consistently #MoreIsAlwaysBetter
just purchased our tickets to science on the rocks this Friday 
taking advantage of midday naptime 
I've eaten two bowls of edamame today.. I should have just made edamame hummus  #AfterThought
it's about to be a chill music kind of day  the acid set that tone 
and we got the day.. took them long enough to decide! there's also snow in the forecast for tomorrow  wishful thinking for tomorrow also
throwing responsibility to the wayside.. shamelessly enjoying tonight 
patiently waiting for ALL classes to be cancelled tomorrow, with official closing of UNCC.. why is that too much to ask for @UNCCProblems
as of now.. classes resume at 11.. can we get them to not resume until at least noon?! #NoInstrumentalPlease
@UNCCProblems @unccharlotte yes cause all the commuters that have long drives in the worst of the weather don't matter #WeAreACommuterSchool
and it's snowing  I'm going to enjoy my meal with a nice glass of Cabernet 
making Parmesan crusted chicken, over pasta with sauted broccoli and cauliflower 
not going home because of @LauraCantrell_ man she owes me 
I would really love an eye roll emoji.
dunkin donuts break before I go back to campus for biochem 
grocery store &amp; liquor store stops before I go home 
that wasn't so painful.
even by candle light this thermo does not become interesting or enjoyable, but I tried. #NotStudying
I should study.. but I really don't care at the moment.
when everything becomes hilarious.. it's time for a study break because productivity is clearly a non-factor.
on that club atkins flow 
playtime with the dogs  then I have to study forever.
they wayyy over salted the roads.. making it extremely difficult to drive with the constant strong gusts of wind 
THAT ENDING 
front row with @LauraCantrell_ 
thus far, Valentine's Day has been PERFECT  I have the most amazing people in my life!
if you need a holiday for your significant other to do something nice for you.. I think you should reevaluate your relationship #HappyVDay
SO glad that waffle day happened the first day after my cleanse was completed  #PerfectTiming
@LauraCantrell_ it was beyond perfect, no one else I would have rather been with 
I feel so relaxed and amazing 
\"I staticked really hard\"  Alex is winning right now #StaticShock
COME ON 5 O'CLOCK 
FINALLY DONE GRADING THIS EXAM 
in less than 24 hours I'll be in heaven with one of the most gorgeous people in the world.. so I guess that makes up for today.
I despise group projects, for so many reasons.
only Dr. Cooper would hit around the beach ball with me during lab 
pretty positive my instrumental lab partner will not be here today  makes for a REALLY long and lonely lab.
electroanalytical chemistry 
the definition of self-control is going into Dunkin Donuts and only leaving with a coffee!
and... back to grading 
@lmChristianGrey: Mr. Grey will see you now.\nhttps://t.co/VfgQgmWDl8 @LauraCantrell_ 
celebrating Josh's birthday at the flying saucer 
pchem lab consists of sitting around &amp; waiting for directions.. only given a few at a time.. so we sit &amp; wait for more.. really inefficient.
@FemaleTexts: Valentines Day is in 3 days and I want a boyfriend and Im going to cry. Nahhhhh I've got @LauraCantrell_  that's better!
can I just put everyone around me on mute?
@chiefwahoo24 I'm so mad I can't make it.. you'll kill it though!
I can't even handle the idea that people truly have foot fetishes. It makes my skin crawl.
pchem &amp; instrumental kind of night 
@oisen25 @KIBerg17  getting so domesticated!! Home cooked meal when I visit?
it's hair day with the wonderful Meredith  officially the beginning of pampering week.
excuse me while I gag for a moment
as the day goes on.. I feel worse 
you might be running late to class.. but that's your own fault, you can't run me over in the process! geez.
I can't swallow  I hope this sore throat is where it ends.
mmm edamame
I just realized that I haven't changed my windshield wipers since I purchased my car.. I think I should do that now 
all the plans for this week &amp; weekend have given me serious motivation to get all my schoolwork done ASAP 
I would never let someone get away with destructive psychotic behavior towards someone that doesn't deserve it. ESPECIALLY myself.
sore and sleepy.. busy week ahead, but LOTS to look forward to 
it's been way too long since I've had a nice bowl of pasta  #CleanseStartsTomorrow
@LauraCantrell_ and I are going to have the best Valentine's Weekend 
@suzie_baiz but chainsaw massacre is 
when your research advisor sees you and says \"wow, you look exhausted, is everything okay?\" 
chemical love 
Starbucks is falling apart with all these new, slow employees.
...and being out until 2:30  I already foresee struggling with the alarm clock.
when a friend texts you at midnight asking if you're awake &amp; you're already in bed, don't respond unless you're okay with leaving the house.
@suzie_baiz I should see you this weekend!
much needed nap 
all I want is my typical post exam nap... but no, we have a 6 hour instrumental lab 
I only left one question blank.. I'm calling that a win.
Chevelle radio  old habits die hard.. almost ready for go time.
time to cram the last bit of information I can.
try to avoid 77 south into uptown if you can!! all lanes blocked 
walking by the class I'm currently skipping #Shameless
the guy across the room is typing so loudly.. that I can hear the speedy and obnoxious keystrokes over my music.
the amount of work that needs to be completed in the next 24 hours.. is ridiculous.
natural selection and evolution 
beyond exhausted, yet completely restless.
these problem sessions are DRAINING
bye bye productive night 
Tonight was perfectly mapped out to be productive with HW, lab report&amp;exam prep. Etzkorn goes \"you can run a prob session from 6-9 tonight?\"
everyone north and south of us are complaining of snow.. meanwhile it's 60 degrees in Charlotte  #NoWinterZone #ILoveIt
congrats to Russell Wilson for making the biggest mistake and worst play of his entire career.
@riceczek they have been increasingly disappointing since the mid-late 90s
If the Seahawks win I'm not going to my 9:30 class.. but if that Patriots win, I'm probably still not going to my 9:30 class. #HonestTweet
I predict a SEAHAWKS win, fingers crossed I'm right 
my Prodigy remix playlist is probably the sickest throwback playlist to ever wake up to this fine Sunday #BreatheThePressure
I really can't do scary documentaries late at night anymore 
@suzie_baiz but I wasn't complaining?
I definitely wanted to spend my Saturday night studying instrumental and working on a pchem report.. yep, living the DREAM.
sushi and sake always hits the spot 
unmarked cop cars on campus waiting at all the stop signs and lights for someone to pull over @UNCCProblems obnoxious
not a fan of people that constantly complain about things that they can change.. how about you shut up and do something about it then?
lab alllll day.
just got my ticket for SNOCORE!!! beyond excited  #FourDays
the realization that the entire weekend will be filled with homework (MINUS the SB of course) makes me really sad 
I have a crazy jealous dog  #KirbyKins
wine and homemaking meals go hand in hand 
@LauraCantrell_ how much cleaning have you done?!
being called out for leaving instrumental lab early  saving face by going back..
we are in an empty room.. stop screaming, your voice is annoying enough 
exam was pretty easy.. but we are never getting it back 
first exam of the semester..  stupid ecology.
goodnight phone calls?! that escalated quickly..
studying until my brain can not take anymore.. and then studying some more.
seriously dying right now  I don't think I've ever laughed so hard.. EVER.
KirbyKins only has ONE more day of being on antibiotics 
long successful day in the lab.. a few hours of work left and I'm good to go home to relax 
@LauraCantrell_ 
@LauraCantrell_ 
the worst part is having the leave the lab to work &amp; study.. do I really have to?!
MAJOR breakthroughs in the lab  I can barely contain my excitement!
I should probably study and do homework.. but I'm convinced falling asleep early is the better choice 
wings, beer and face time with  @missmarycollins  no better way to spend my Monday night
if this whack job doesn't stop addressing us like we are complete morons.. I'm going to lose it 
@suzie_baiz what's wrong little one?
baby boy has an intestinal infection, but these antibiotics will make him all better!!
overslept.. but on the way to the vet with my little man 
stayed home with my sick Kirby all day, but off to work so I can hopefully afford the inevitable expensive vet bill tomorrow 
stressed and full of anxiety 
leaving lab 3 hours early to go be with my little man 
shoutout to my mom for making and then rescheduling (canceling) Kirby's vet appointment for me while I'm stuck in class! thanks @JudyBaiz
more tragic news for my family.. please keep us in your thoughts 
I can't believe it's snowing in Maryland, while its sunny and 60 degrees here in Charlotte 
I guess so I can see some of my favorite people 
sometimes I wonder why I even bother to show up to this class..
I have a feeling that today is not going to be my day 
of course time warner is doing \"maintenance\" that will interrupt services as I sit down to do my homework 
so glad my little man is feeling better 
I've never crossed my fingers so hard 
generous businessmen  thank you
oh, you drive an automatic? that's cute.. and an auto minus 2 
it's way too beautiful to be stuck indoors all day 
research and homework.. simultaneously.. not sure how well this will work out?
this starbucks line is absurd, but coffee is essential for instrumental 
night number 2.. I think the kirbs might be sick 
bartending at AZN for the #QueensFeast
music up and the windows down 
Picasso's for lunch with all the ogle lab boys!
but I do feel super terrible for him, who knows how long he's been like that 
the last thing I wanted to come home to was a shit covered dog in his crate 
the last thing I wanted to come home to was a shit covered dog in his crate 
and overtime it is.. wow
probably the best 2-point conversion I've ever seen 
OKAY, now this game is completely mind blowing 
is anyone else mind blown with the way this Seattle vs Green Bay game is going?!
watching TV.. in the comfort of my own home 
got a solid 4 hours in with my chemicals this morning 
1 year and 4 months after I lost just about everything to my name.. I am finally getting myself a TV 
everyone going out to enjoy restaurant week here in Charlotte, make sure to take care of your servers &amp; bartenders!! #QueensFeast
restaurant week begins today.. so I'll be bartending the night away at AZN in South Park 
running these problems sessions is exhausting.. thankfully I get to head to the bar soon 
didn't realize that today is also going to be a long day.. looking forward to tomorrow!
and it's finally time to RELAX 
playing drinking games while grading these exams 
I just want to take your time 
GAS IS $1.99 in the university  haven't seen that in about a decade now.
\"it takes way too much effort to put my boots on\" my response to why I'm leaving my parents house in my socks  #TheStruggle
what's a chemical bond? @suzie_baiz says \"when two molecules hit it off on a first date\" she's definitely in HS 
helping the minion study for her biomed final  gotta make @suzie_baiz the smartest HS freshie, we have standards in this family 
I'm almost positive I know more organic chemistry, and at a much deeper level, than my biochem professor  #Frustrating
OMG THREE DAY WEEKEND?! I keep forgetting 
when someone is at the board, it is incredibly rude to have loud sidebar conversations.. just saying, show some decency.
the amount of rude in this room right now is honestly disgusting.
I just have to make it to Friday 
mentally exhausted 
from one uninteresting class to another.. at least Cooper is highly animated #Instrumental #ChemLife
@GlassAnimals makes my day instantly so much better 
BIG breakthrough in lab this morning  we are in serious grind mode now
I can't wait until people start skipping their morning classes.
struggling to stay awake for the rest of this game.. we all know Ohio State is going to win anyway.
on a positive note, I got the majority of my homework done during that exam 
proctoring a 3.5 hour exam.. not quite how I pictured my Monday night.
coffee is a necessity for this day, which I am currently lacking.
completely forgot that I have to proctor an exam tonight at 6 
I'm very happy with the outcome of the games this weekend thus far  elated with a Cowboys loss though 
indoor stairwells are not conducive to moving.. at all.
football, drinks, friends 
the only person you can ever fully count on is yourself, once you learn to accept that life becomes so much easier!
escape it all, it's just irrelevant.
burson all day.. but really looking forward to tonight!
@FlTNESS: F.R.I.E.N.D.S workout http://t.co/bMGm4KaSy7 @suzie_baiz
it's sad to see someone lose their ambitions over a relationship #RedFlagsEverywhere
my financial aid REALLY needs to hit 
and the first one called to the board in pchem  my luck.
peanut butter &amp; everything pretzel chips are amazing.
walking to class in 15 degree weather is not typically how I would like to start my day  #Brrr
who am I kidding.. it's WAY too early in the semester to take my classes seriously.
homework, Netflix or having company over.. decisions decisions..
already dreading the insanely cold weather coming this way 
@FactsOfSchool: On my way to school like http://t.co/1SzW5ZSHuk sitting in pchem lab like... @LauraCantrell_
mechanistic biochemistry might be enjoyable.. if only I didn't have the worst professor ever 
advanced organic mechanisms will be my favorite class ever 
starting the semester with pchem 2.. miserable 
@JeanRobertMarc except I love what I do! Always the conundrum!
stuck in lab for much longer than I anticipated  and I actually have other things to do.
there is really no greater feeling than freshly toned hair 
the wine vault always makes me happy, but even more so after a long day in the lab.
first reading assignment for my advanced ochem mechanisms class is up  I know what I'm doing tonight #NerdLife
who wants to help me search for school supplies tonight?!
breakfast for a late lunch will make the rest of this lab day very enjoyable.. even if I am just watching distillations #NecessaryEvil
@LauraCantrell_  thanks for making it such a great night!
heading home to get some quality face time with @LauraCantrell_ 
a Dallas loss today would make me the happiest person ever #LetsGoLions
all of the \"I haven't done _____ since last year\" posts are highly irritating, can we act a little more mature please?
driving into the city is ridiculous right now.. I hope the panthers lose tonight #GoCardinals
first big meteor shower of the year peaks tonight.. looking for a good spot to hit after work 
be happy, it drives people crazy 
being a lab rat before guest bartending tonight  two of my favorite trades
when people have the right to choose, they always choose wrong.
everyone loves the bartender  #NYE #LetsParty http://t.co/Dw1tv1YyOb
crazy jealous girls  #SorryNotSorry #GetALife
yayyy @missmarycollins is coming to visit me 
I'll be ringing in the new year behind the bar 
I lost respect for a lot of people this year. Thankful for all of my true friends  #QualityOverQuantity
it's almost incomprehensible how pathetic some people are.
another holiday lunch with the lab group.. old &amp; new  #ChemistryNerds #GroupLove
I hate hair washing day 
I will never get used to the early darkness.. hello pitch black skies 
definitely a hot tub kind of night 
waiting for someone to get off work is like watching water come to a boil #TheWorst
\"look a mummy sleeping bag, I bet the Egyptians would love that shit\" good lord I missed this girl @missmarycollins
I have butterflies for you  oh thanks @missmarycollins
driving with the windows down the day after Christmas  I love it!
can't sleep, so I'm binge watching Portlandia while everyone else does 
sibling sleepover going down in my old bedroom
glass of bubbly to get me in the spirit 
Think happy. Be happy.  home for Christmas.
cleaning up and going home early.
biggest disappointment in the lab today 
5 am alarm so I can get my entire list of things done tomorrow before heading home 
coconut oil hair treatment 
car is dead &amp; my phone is dying. what an excellent day.
@suzie_baiz why are you so lazy?
it's like instant gratification for whatever spectral data I need to obtain.
the best part of break is having all of the chemistry instruments to myself 
FINALLY got to the lab.
I feel like I'm in a gas chamber 
@suzie_baiz negative
seeing red right now.
obviously this isn't going to be quick.. playing the waiting game 
hoping for the quickest carpet clean ever!
@suzie_baiz @JudyBaiz WOW. Rude.
wrapping Christmas presents  with a nice bottle of local Cabernet 
10 hours in the lab today 
Christmas shopping for the family is ALL DONE! Now fingers crossed that everything is delivered Wednesday like it's supposed to be!
good news, I saved $597 on books for next semester. bad news, I had to buy them today for the deals. #BrokeDuringTheHolidays
back in burson  ready to push forward in research!
the university is closed.. so why can't I park in the burson lot?! 
my bed has never felt so good &amp; these Kirby cuddles have never been so sweet 
really didn't want to unpack until I realized I could just put everything into the wash.. why have I never thought of this before?!
vacation was the best ever &amp; I had an absolute blast! but I'm ready to get back to the lab tomorrow 
home sweet home 
drowning my sorrows away in peppermint bark cheesecake
@uSTADIUM OF COURSE  http://t.co/jdNxrt7Q8Q
@uSTADIUM still filling in but mostly GREEN 
it's as if we are in Philly with all this green #FlyEaglesFly
metro was packed with Eagles fans 
ice pack on the foot  not even sure what, why or how.
just witnessed the most amazing shooting star 
charades is by far the worst game ever.
holiday movies, cocktails and taboo with some pretty amazing people I haven't seen in years 
in the building of lies and cover ups
THE CRIME MUSEUM 
being in the national art gallery makes me realize that in 200 years.. people will look back at our generation in disappointment
the hope diamond is the epitome of every girls letdown
it's museum day 
Vinti vanilla peppermint mocha for the chilly walk around town this morning 
when making me breakfast, know that coffee is the most important part &amp; should be ready first.
hello instant headache 
music mixes of pop bullshit make me want to lose the sense of hearing.
enjoying every minute of the last hours with Riley Skyy 
it's the best to see how excited Riley gets to see me when he wakes up 
a wonderful birthday in the books 
@DoltYourseIf: My family needs to do this  http://t.co/vGEXEkNF7H lets do this @suzyelizabethh
@LauraCantrell_  thank you!
@suzie_baiz love youu! Thanks!
with everything going on.. almost forgot that it's my BIRTHDAY 
It's truly sad the measures someone will go to make others miserable.. Maybe they should focus on themselves.. 
hot chocolate with marshmallows, Christmas music, and driving through all the lights! Riley's face is priceless 
sending snapchats to the wrong people  not the end of the world.
@chiefwahoo24 better than the 76ers 
this is honestly the last thing I ever wanted to deal with on vacation 
why is the sky glowing red as if the sun is rising?! it's 3 am 
at least my playlist is on point 
27 miles to go.. aaand completely stopped traffic #DCProblems
Charlotte in my rear view mirror 
my parents are the best! I love my birthday gifts 
lots and lots of Kirby cuddles 
nothing better than fresh hair 
my stylist just asked me to be a model in a side project of hers  couldn't be more excited!
beyond thrilled to be getting my hair done this morning 
you look like my next mistake 
and with that.. THE SEMESTER IS OVER 
final pchem lab report of the semester is turned in!
3 loads of laundry done &amp; put away.. the final one in the drier, but way too tired to start packing 
final pchem lab report of the semester is 95% done.. in one day.. I call that a win!
I really want to finish this pchem report tonight.
I truly can't decide between sleep and studying pchem.. 
left this important review session early to bartend.. what I'll do for some cash.. 
the line at starbucks NEVER ceases to amaze me 
I guess I'll attend this pchem review since I haven't touched it since the last test...
just solidified my A in addictions  in less than 30 minutes
I'm really sad that I'm about to take my addictions final tonight.. my favorite class ever.
that was the absolute worst way to start finals 
@JudyBaiz could not sound any more like you 
I seriously can't believe this final is about to be 40% of my grade 
final push before my first final this morning 
Eagles football over finals #SEAvsPHI #EaglesNation
I feel as though I'm being judged hard for cheering during this game.. which I'm totally streaming in the computer lab  #FlyEaglesFly
I'm not quite sure why I haven't started either of the two papers that I have due tomorrow at 5 pm. 
studying my entire day away  so upset I'm missing out on football Sunday.
the thought of being up at 6 am is looong gone 
completely in my element  #Bartender
I almost forgot how much I hate this commute to South Park.. people in NC seriously are the worst drivers I've ever seen.
lower lows, higher highs 
studying in burson until my shift tonight 
the weather today is not my favorite 
a notice that our apt doors would be painted today would have been nice.. I now have a navy blue hand and sweater sleeve 
classic finals week breakup in the library.. it cracks me up how dramatic some people are 
apparently I'm bartending tomorrow night.. I SERIOUSLY just want to study for finals.
walking to the library like \"PLEASE let me find somewhere to study\" 
2 days in a row I've come to campus to study &amp; have gotten stuck for 8+ hours in the lab.. absurd. here's to failing finals for research? 
the line for starbucks though.. like really?
the best part of finals week is always having great parking options.
@mr_2cool4school it's the best life 
getting mindless and binge watching Portlandia @mr_2cool4school is to blame
most excited that it's nap time 
the last day of classes seriously could not have come soon enough!
ready to get this surprise exam out of the way  #LastDayOfClasses 
@UniversityJokes: Hell is not a place, it's the two weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas break @LauraCantrell_ a gross understatement
@UniversityJokes: Hell is not a place, it's the two weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas break @LauraCantrell_ a gross understatement
well, I solidified my A in genetics and I don't have to take the final  one class 100% done.. 4 to go.
woke up late.. so ready to get this exam out of the way.
when I left my house my balcony was tan, I come back and it's now blue! I kind of like the color change.
I feel invincible with my headphones on.
The Acid to soothe my mind while I cram for genetics 
I hate this time of year.. I'll be finding somewhere else to study..
out of class early.. Atkins flow 
South Park in class  #Classic
I guess at least it gives me time to make my paper less terrible and rushed? Meh.
It's so beautiful outside  enjoying it before class
definitely forgot my glasses at home.. I can't see a damn thing.
climbing into bed at 4:30, alarm set for 5:55 #TheFinalPush
almost 2am.. pchem report 95% done, biochem HW 80% done, 0% of my research paper started &amp; 0% studying for my exam tomorrow 
@riceczek so terrible!
only the Giants could blow a 21-0 lead to one of the worst teams in the league.. I don't even understand.
I don't know what to do with my fantasy team today 
10 episodes.. 1 hour each.. going to watch them all tonight #NetflixBinge @suzyelizabethh
just realized one of the nights I committed to bartend.. is the night before my 8am pchem final  #Oops
just got asked to guest bartend two more nights in the near future 
I know a few people that won't be mad that I'm rocking my #OhioState sweatpants today 
@chiefwahoo24 yeah for sure. it's just tragic.
@chiefwahoo24 any word on the missing player? and do you think that will affect any of the players?
I need to get my ass in gear.. Lots to do today.
apparently we all bombed our pchem exam.. MJ is not going to his conference next week in lieu of our performance  #WeAreInTrouble
in three hours, I've gotten 159 words typed  at this rate I will never finish this paper.
@suzyelizabethh you aren't here  sorry!
got a pizza, breadsticks, and coke for only $3 #HowDidThatHappen
8 hours in the lab felt so good 
I must stop procrastinating, unfortunately all these papers and reports won't write themselves 
what an amazing @Eagles win  first place babyyyyy #FlyEaglesFly
I'm thankful for our defense today.. because for some reason our redzone game is lacking. #FlyEaglesFly
that was unreal #FlyEaglesFly
MATTHEWS 
I've been waiting for this game since the schedule was announced  #WeWantDallas #PHIvsDAL
@reIatable: If you're having a bad day... You're welcome  https://t.co/G9vrcg38Ba @suzyelizabethh
\"The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do\" 100%
the university is CLOSED.. why can't I park wherever I want with my $450 parking pass?! 
tequila shots? I think so.
post AA meeting drinks  #TwoPeopleThreeDrinks http://t.co/djQblFhBBk
Matt and I are going to our first AA meeting 
well that escalated quickly.
