He's like all huddled up and everything and we're giving each other such warm body heat 
Holy balls !!! It's freezing in my room !! Good thing I got my pup here with me :)
Just so you know she was kissing me even after y'all got back together lol
Excuse me are we 8 lol
What kind of relationship is that esp when they take a picture and the girl she gets engaged to wears your ring lol https://t.co/FZ9nVr6o81
Break up with a girl and she gets engaged an hour later lol
Hangin with my sister and bre and it's been a good night 
Touch !
MT my my my names blurrrryface and I care what you think
My sister and my friends are the most amazing people 
Fall out boy seriously idk how they do it but they do and make me feel 100 percent better
Never ignore an alcoholic esp when they need you the most
They always say one drink refreshes and cleanses you. That's a crock a shit cause I have a thousand regrets and headaches
I want alcohol so bad I need it and want it
People who have big hearts always get shit on the most.
Crying yourself to sleep is always fun.
This sucks ass hole like I'm so sick to my stomach
If she ever finishes her work 
Putt putt tonight with my lady then out for some icecream 
OH my god I hate group chats so fucking much. Well my phones freezing cause it's a POS
Okay sappy tweets are done I JUST CANT HELP IT 
Nothing more perfect than your girl staying close to you 
I love when she's curled up in a ball next to me. She's seriously the most amazing woman to come into my life 
Nights like this.. I'm so gunna miss falling asleep with you in my arms.
Gotta love waiting for a parking spot but the lady is to into her damn phone  move bitch I gotta work!
When someone flirts with you and holds up the whole line  #awkward
Good god I'm never on Twitter anymore :O
It seriously feels like 5 years
I've been clean for 66 days
Cool my gf has barely talked to me all day ... If she's sleeping 
Everyone hail to the motha fuckin pumpkin king 
My girlfriend  ahhhhhmaaazing
I just opened a can of Pepsi and I thought my sister was asleep... I get a phone call askin what I just opened #soberlife
This country song needs to hit the fuck off
@ayyebruce never
@ohdamnlindseyy you hella stalkin?
It feels to good outside
I am so nauseated
@ohdamnlindseyy it was because of them hooligans at work lol
@ohdamnlindseyy you suck at Twitter
Fall out boy is coming to Charlottesville in March  going!
My girl is fuckin savage lol
I hate when people ask what I have in my hand when I'm smoking and they say I'm to pretty for that da fuck 
At this moment I wanna rethink having kids lol
Trying to watch the patriots but working is making it hard 
Irritated so early bed time tonight
my sister brought me moes :D
Karma I swear is so into amy STOP HIDING YOUR FEELINGS! #FakingItAgain
Hello ruby rose  glad to see you back on my tv screen ! :D
Soooo fucking thankful for my girlfriend
Fucking irritated
Can't stop fucking sneezing
My cat turned the sink faucet on and the water over flowed and flooded the bathroom  #catprobs
My girl use to get up so early I have now corrupted that
Thinking I'm going through  withdrawals. I've got a headache I've had for 4 days now and it's killing me and I'm nauseated Librium where r u
Love hearin the sound of rain. Now all I need is my girlfriend so I can fall asleep 
A tree just fell 
Can't believe my lil lady bugs been gone 3 years today
I am 42 days sober 
And my best friends begged me to get Lindsey to come out and now there hype she is haha love that they like her
My boss said he'd fuck me up if I  was drinking cause I had a odules haha
Sitting with my best friends at the bar rubbing my serenity necklace being strong i am strong 
@ohdamnlindseyy ummmmm 
Looks like imma fool. I'm always the fool. Might as well add the jingle hat with it and dress me up cause it's my full time job
I've turned my gf nocturnal
@ohdamnlindseyy thank you baby!
Girlfriend fell asleep again. Ugh I wanna join her
@ayyebruce fuck you bro fuck you
@ayyebruce 
Baby's stayin with me tonight  mm I see cuddles in my future!
@_JamarD what!! Lol we can see it it's almost gone and it's starting to turn red
Da moon is turning red 
Da moon is super bright ha
Been waiting for this eclipse shit! The moons pretty big and bright already!
Man my trazodone makes me wanna kick my legs all the time 
Another amazing night 
It's the slowest of slows today at work 
Had the best night seeing Lindsey God five days was so long  but she's home and I'm happy 
My baby's back in Virginia 
My girl needs too get home already!
@ayyebruce where are you ?
@ohdamnlindseyy :(
Guess I should go pick up my paycheck now haha
@ohdamnlindseyy I am not 
Anyone ever watch a video on YouTube and make it to the comments and just sit back and die of laughter ha cause I fuckin do 
Fuck yeah my sisters  gettin me some chick fil a
No I'm not talking about my girl just thoughts haha lemme set that one straight ha
I'm the type of person who knows when your lying but I won't say anything I'll just keep on lettin ya fuck up
I miss Lindsey so fucking much it's ridiculous
Therapist appt then work at 4 and I am just not feeling any of it today 
Aj gives the best messages!
@ohdamnlindseyy you who else!?
@ohdamnlindseyy excuse me!?
@ohdamnlindseyy 
Nothing makes since
Quite irritated this late at night is never a good thing.
good job rainieeee good job
so i went to take the icecream off the icecream scooper with with mouth and it stuck to my lip and i ripped my skin off :( and now it burns
i like em a lil bit freakkky ;)
she a bad onee
then i wont have those stupid signs every where like her have this and this and this ugh im sick to my stomach
seriously being / staying sober is the fucking hardest thing to do i just wanna curl up in a hole away from civilization
so hard its unbearable  my skin is crawling
hella irritated and i need to go to another meeting tonight
still to this day it bothers me, when people say , \"goin to bush today\" oh really? i hope you enjoy that shrub, its BUSCH people.. &gt;:(
dreams about relapsing again.... its torture
my girlfriend has officially fallen off the face of the earth :o
Today im 30 days sober! and its not over still just cant celebrate with a drink of course but i will celebrate by picking up my 30 day chip!
stay off the apps and internet or itll be off in the morning! @ayyebruce
skype date with my beautiful lady
as they always say keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
So fucking irritated I can't see straight
@ohdamnlindseyy yassss babe yaaaassss
@ohdamnlindseyy oh god yes you are!
oh and im also listening to some RELAXING as fuck music .... H.E.L.P
FUCKKKK my eyes are burning and my body say go to bed!! yet im sitting... on the couch.... alone in the dark... glued to the comp screen..
@ohdamnlindseyy ya know what .... leave me alone hahaha &gt;:( haha
is it werid that i REALLY wanna watch snowdogs? hmmm kid lyfeee
its nice actually having someone who appreciates me and enjoys my company and i dont know how long its been since ive felt appreciated &lt;3
and to call you mine theres nothing more perfect #mushyandshit #itsofficial  ;) @ohdamnlindseyy
cant wait to spend tomorrow with lindsey :D 930 cant come fast enough :D
thats not smooooothe at all ;)  https://t.co/6gN9D62yHZ
well then &gt;:(
Me and my sister just downed the FUCK  out of Micky Ds haha
Always nice getting shit off my shoulders 
okay my sleeping patterns are so fucking bad right now
birth by sleep is so irritating at times! &gt;:(
@ohdamnlindseyy me too babe me too &lt;3
those moments where you wanna sleep but are to lazy to make your way to the bedroom haha
and to dream a dream with you
no one wants you when you have no hearttt
and if you cant stop shaking lean back let it move through yaaa
all you sinners stand up sing hallelujahhh
@ohdamnlindseyy miss you babesss &lt;3
OMFG time to brreaaak out my fall out boy sweater!
@ohdamnlindseyy good good !
so i totally miss @lilbittyk :'(
@ohdamnlindseyy no you dont :* you better not ;) &lt;3 :*
im so luckkky luckyyy
what you see is what you get girrrrl
downtowwwn she has her arms around your waist with a balance that will keep us safe have you ever felt the warm embrace..
omfg! https://t.co/2UTfEtzOmE
i watch her skate i mean water ski ollie ollie oxenfree
well thank you! ahaha https://t.co/ECJ6Kzafaf
ugh &gt;:(
stressssssssed and i cant drink like i use to so i gotta deal :(
DUDE wtf haha aj is on a whole nother level haha
Well that was so not as bad as I thought it would be!
My feet are on fire from standing so long haha
i am tryin so hard not to make a trip to the fuckin er
FUCK COLITIS MAN IM FUCKIN SICK OF THIS SHIT &gt;:(
well my dog side tracked me and instead of my 1 trazadone i put 2 in my lil cup. good god man with all my other medications imma be knocked
patiently waiting for lindsey to get here then were watching faking it with cuddles mmmmmmmm :D
its nice actually not being drunk all the time and i dont miss hangovers what so ever!
okay ive had a long enough break from work :(
shes the cutest lil thing :) i miss them both right now! and no not chuck e haha http://t.co/RNldsA3cbM
the only sucky thing is im having a flare up and its hurtin baddddd
spent the evening  with my girl and her kid it was a good night :)
watching satying yes to the dress with my mother ....i wanna take a spoon and gouge my eyes out aha
im an ass lesbian pahahaha
when ya girl gotta fat ass omg im in love hahahaha
these past couple of days have been the best couple days ive had all year
Late night ride to see my girl 
Video game time fersure 
So happy 
I reallllly hate when my friends are in a funk it really puts me down  gotta cheer em up though !
2 weeks sober today  that's the longest I've been sober in 5 years
For once everything in my life is okay and I can say I'm pretty happy 
There is nothing fucking hotter then a girl putting on nightmare before Christmas she just won an award 
Man my pups aka two grown pits have snuggled up next to me and now it's so hot I had to strip down to my boxers. #pitbull #dogproblems
I'm 23 years old and I still don't let my foot hang off the side of the bed ... You never know if a monster is gunna grab you 
Scream season 2 woooohooo #scream #MTVScream
But yay to @IBexWeBex for coming to the rescue! 
Mind=blown #Scream  there was always something fishy with her though
Scream has me all confused
It's gotta be jake kieran branson and reporter it's just gotta be
Hoping she can come by later. I need all da cuddles 
@DavidB4NYC thanks buddy that means a lot 
And to top it off she's gorgeous and always has a way to make me laugh an awesome cuddler and supportive of me 
I met this girl in detox we can be each other's support system or we can both fall off the sober wagon. Hoping for the best cause she's dope
American ultra was fuckin hilarious and good 
Movie date today  its gunna be a good day 
Haven't gone to sleep with a smile on my face in SOOO long 
President.. Oh shit
\"Mtv\" and cut to commercial in 3,2,... Fuck.
Take a shot every time Kanye says bro
Kanye look like he gotta pause and think before he speaks and sounds like an ass hole, still not my fan at all. But yay for him
FALL OUT BOY WINS THE FIRST AWARD MHMMM #VMAs  
Had a fun time at Busch yesterday and now today in still exhausted 
Awkward when a parent blows his smoke from a cig and his kids play in his smoke and smell it and go ahhhhh like really dude
When you want something to work out and it ends up going to shit this day will not go to shit!
@Rawrzaria why thank ya 
Wow lol all I do is rant about withdrawals haha Busch tomorrow though 
Ugh ALCOHOL WITHDRAWALS ARE THE ABSOLUTE WORST
I week sober which is HUGE
I've never seen sober eyes on me in so long. It looks pretty good 
Meeting at 8 though :)
Withdrawals suck ass  can't stop shaking 
First AA meeting tonight first of many.
