@BigDawgAug thanks, dude. 93 til infinity.
DONNA FROM THAT 70S SHOW IS PLAYING A TATTOOED PIN-UPY LESBIAN IN ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK OMFGGGGGGGGGGGG CAN I DIE NOW
@EWErickson fucking die you sexist piece of shit
did you see the guy on the double decker bike in #Allston? So Allston-y.
just bought my ticket to see Gogol Bordello on the 21st! hell yeah
having to look at all of the shitty things I've done sucks, bro.
drunk fighting in the streets on a Wednesday? Stay classy, Lower Allston.
@helloimregen listen to more punk rock. don't do it for fashion do it for life.
WE'RE HERE WE'RE QUEER WE FUCK SHIT UP
all i want is your pity
watching Shut Up and Play the Hits and crying @lcdsoundsystem has ruined my life forever
Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if its broke. But you can still see the crack in that motherfuckers reflection
when i was young i drank too much and i'd be lying if i said i didn't feel so god damn young tonight
HOW DO YOU USE THIS https://t.co/xeAl5v1iUk
don't turn the lights on cause tonight i wanna see you in the dark
dead homophobes can't bash
nothing makes you want to die more than a fucking cigarette burn on the inner thigh
the highway lines pass by in two-four double time we don't even recognize a single name on the street signs
forever breaking up with people im not even dating
working on the fourth of july cause i'm poor
get this fucking poser off my god damn facebook with fucking henry rollins as his coverphoto henry rollins is a fuckin douche and so are you
I've been listening to minor threat records all day shit if i did not know every word
did not realize billy idol was in generation x
I Love This But I Wish It Came In Black: A five part opera written by me
Dude a security guard in Back Bay Station totally thinks Im homeless
Whenever I don't have anyone in my bed I'm feel like shit but when I do I'm like \"please leave\" and once they leave I'm like \"yiisssss\"
all of the hardcore kids are so adorable with their little Hitler Youth haircuts
we run things things dont run me
jk i fucking love this song
if you hear \"we cant stop\" on repeat coming from my room.... its not me....
Spirited Away is the best thing that's ever happened to me.
AH I FORGOT BUG BITES ARE A THING
I graduated high school fucking two years ago
CAN'T STOP LISTENING TO MARIAH CAREY\n\nBUT SERIOUSLY SHE'S THE QUEEN OF POP
@pygmypuffs7 i fucking love chef gordon ramsey. it's embarrassing but whatever. we're soulmates.
found an apartment that's literally 500 feet away from my house currently
real love i'm searchin for that real love
omg The Hebrew Hammer is on netflix.
LAST HOLIDAY IS ON NETFLIX I LOVE QUEEN LATIFAH
Almost stepped in a puddle of blood on Harvard Ave. Welcome to #Allston
say anything tonight and IT'S SOLD OUT
TAKE THAT SCREAMING CHILD OFF MY STREET #lowerallston
just ordered 'pink cadillac' from manic panic aweeee yeahhh
gonna go blonde then pink O.o
seeing people on the streets of Allston that I went to high school with is so weiiiird
woah who makes a fb status when their dad dies
but seriously praying every day that that gurl is gay!
just watched miley's new video. where did my panties go?
god DAMN what man wrote that
If i have to listen to that fucking sexist Tampax Pearl commercial on sportify one more time i will fucking SCREAM
and if i don't miss a part of you a part of me is dead
I can hear people from my apartment screaming and swearing from their apartments #allston #lowerallston #bruins #gamenight
PEEP SHOW ISN'T ON FUCKING NETFLIX ANYMORE\nWHAT THE FUCKING FUCK\nFUCK\nWHY\nFUCKING WHY\nWHY
haven't showered in like three days but I feel really attractive (?)
spike spike your hair spike your hair with beer
as long as there's a law peace will be a crime
being able to only afford pasta and frozen vegetables really helps me stay on that straightedge vegan shit XX
not going to Simmons means I have to give up my MFA membership *ouch*
@LizzyHowes1 :(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo :'( da tearz
never eating but never losing weight either
can't wait to see the toll eating pasta and frozen peas every day takes on my body
who lookin to get an apartment at the end of summer
I don't know where I'm going but I know just where I want to be with my punk rock girlfriend kissing meeeeeeee
gimme all da tattoos
why the FUCK haven't I been to Europe yet
I cant apologize for just being who i am and needing in a relationship what I need. Fuck!
I wish with all of my being that I could be polyamorous. That would make my life 10 times easier.
#thistooshallpass
I don't want no scrub
aka dropping out of simmons
so maybe going to The New England Institute of Art for Audio Engineering.
when I get my corgi Beebop I'm going to teach him to bark on command to \"hippies\" and \"Republicans\"
when will i stop liking doom metal this is seriously so embarrassing
i'll listen to doom metal then listen to ambient folk then listen to punk what is wrong with me
bout to head out to be in the speedy ortiz music video no big deal
and oooooooooooooo november's got me homesick for my roots eight six oh
VHS 2 was fucking STRESSFUL af
at least the bros in allston give me something to hate
OFF TO SPEND ALL THE MONEY IVE MADE
Seriously done with being disappointed with every single person in my life.
you may have broken up with me because you don't want to be with a sober person but you can never change the name of that song
@BigDawgAug you're getting hibachi????????
I should decide whether I'm going back to Simmons or going to this art institute like SOON
just because a guy is older does not make him more mature #AMIRIGHT
Everyone have a safe and happy Pride!
dudes with beards and tattoos in plaid SERIOUSLY THOUGH
metal kids are just the greatest, ya know? \\m/
always hardcore when made with love &lt;3
Manic Panic suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucks
Dying my hair green
going to hang out in hipster heaven for 5 hours see you guys after work suckerssssss
a dinner date sure costs a lot when 28 bucks is all you got #allstonstruggle
Cannot wait to be back on my own turf in Allston.
VAGINA DENTATA VAGINA DENTATA
Someone tonight said Id really fit in in Portland, Oregon. Why thank you thats a great compliment.
Teeth is on IFC.
Good to know Ive been the better, more mature person.
ALL UP IN CONNECTICUT
It literally hurts to be in Providence, even for a few minutes.
I fight like hell to hide that Ive given up.
CONNECTICUT IM GOING INSIDE OF YOU
Took me a few shitty break-ups to really appreciate Radiohead.
There literally is nothing more beautiful than 3 AM Allston though
Fall mountains, just dont fall on me.
Injecting marijuanas can kill you
Met a dude at urban today who immediately told me about his grow op and \"marijuana addiction\". youre really cool, dude.
Sorry im so gothy and weird
Going to a sober party in Brighton lol SO SOBER
Working at urban tonight like the hip boss bitch I am. Ive been sitting in Allston watching Crinimal Intent and sweating all day.
Apparently the clicker thing is called a mouse. Who knew.
The clicker thing on my macbook is broken i cant click anything WHY WHY WHY
Apparently the clicker thing is called a mouse. Who knew.
The clicker thing on my macbook is broken i cant click anything WHY WHY WHY
A twitter called Shameless Lesbian is following me now. Basically, yeah.
a kid tried to talk to me about masturbating so i just started telling Steve Martin jokes hah boys are weird
got so many bitches that only want to talk to me when they're drunk. get up the courage to contact me when you're sober, douchefag.
REPEAT: DO NOT CONTACT ME IF YOU'RE DRUNK
DO NOT CONTACT ME IF YOU'RE DRUNK
2 months sober today hollaaaaaaa
WWJJD? What Would Joan Jett Do?
from Adam's rib to Women's Lib
i'm gonna give it one more semester and see what's up.
though i wish i fucking wasn't. i'd kill for a leave of absence.
officially going to return of simmons in the fall
*cough cough POSERS cough cough cough*
@Saramony_ the one in Allston, Mass on Harvard Ave.
I get 40% off at BHLDN so if anyone wants to marry me let me know
all these bitches gettin' to go to europe and here I am like 'let's work my ass off at two dead-end jobs and make NO money'
\"Check fuckin' twittah!\" allston bros outside my window at 12:30. some bitty mimicking a boston accent. go the fuck home.
Pablo Picasso was never called an asshole
living in Allston is like the feeling you get when you touch something sticky and can't get it off your hand.
TWO JOBS SUCKAAAA LOOK AT ME ADULT ALL UP IN THIS BITCH
spooky bitches only
Man, I just have the worst luck, ya know?
deleted my okcupid account officially fuck you fuck everyone i hate you all goodnight
Holy Diver by Dio is the best record ever made don't even deny
I dont really want to know whats good for me. Gods dead I said baby thats alright with me
going to my interview at the new england institute of art i'm looking at the audio production program wish me luck loserssss
misshapen chaos of well-seeming forms
he's like \"just do it!\" and she's like \"don't watch me.\" oh, #Allston
listening to this conversation outside of my house of a girl telling a guy that she's going to make herself through up
I want to join your hardcore band but my mom wants to talk to your mom first
watching Andrea Gibson videos and crying someone help
under love's heavy burden do i sink
the new daft punk album is soooooo disco omg i love it
things are looking up! thank god
going on a date with a white cis-gendered male???
someone teach me how to skateboard please
got a jobbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
2 AM Lower #Allston smells like cat piss congratulations everyone
watching Manhattan again because Woody Allen ..... i love him and everything he does. besides sleeper. i dont like sleeper
\"New York was his town... and it always would be.\"
If anyone can help me find an all ages venue in #Allston hmu
white people who do social experiments &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Happy Birthday Wally de Backer! @gotye your music has changed my life!
aw shit i wish i had a job to quit
it's not helping i'm listening to american beauty and it's just so bad i'm loling instead of sleeping i can't even
i'm literally so desperate to fall asleep right now i'm listening to the grateful dead. it's that bad.
thought about texting you but i'm actually going to clean out the inbox of my email cause that would be like 20 times more productive
*you will absolutely regret that one*
*your new tattoo is stupid*
Iron Lung is really good i guess I like metal now idfk guys idfk
thirty-five dollars and a six pack to my name
probably seeing Black Flag in june aw yeah
going to see earthquake party!, pretty &amp; nice, and the thermals on the 23rd yay
@erinaib he likes to work with only women! i met the woman who produced Purple Rain.
Pity Sex is so good where have you been all my life
My right eye twitches when I'm stressed out or when I drink too much caffeine do you want to date me now
I want to be a florist by day and audio engineer by night. yeah.
50 days sober today. that's a hell of a miracle.
when you see people you've met and hooked up with on okcupid update their profiles O.O #sofuckingawkward #maybeilldie
Anarcho-Dad: if you smash that state be sure to pick it up
Penny dying in Dr Horrible's Sing Along Blog is the worst thing that's ever happened to me
to do list: get a wallet that says 'Bad Motherfucker' on it.
Fall Out Boy the pain away
cause that's just who I am this week
Mountain Man, brag about your band to me
who wants to start coming to the coolidge corner midnight movies with me
@killquilty you guys were awesome tonight.
what's the protocol with adding a person who met that you kinda like on facebook? like, how long should i wait? #firstworldbullshit
i'm sorry but ska sucks so much i can't even
I don't believe in God but I've been praying fucking hard recently.
dinosaur jr reminds me of like three exes is nothing sacred anymore????
and maybe your clan is not in boston, but my friends are fucking awesome.
got a second interview at urban outfitters hah woot.
about to go sellout to work at urban outfitters i know it's bad but I literally only have 15$ to my name so i have no choice.
it's so awesome how every single person in Allston is fucking amped for the new daft punk album.
@theactualrealMJ yeah. everything sucks.
I don't think I'll be returning to Simmons in the fall.
when people call me julie &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
the Krill show on the 15th is 21+ wehhhhhhhhh
shot out to @LizzyHowes1 the only bitch cool enough out there to like all of my stupid tweets. love ya, girly
right behind you i see the millions on you i see the glory from you i get opinions from you i get the story
siouxsie and the banshees kind of morning.
@siknastynik good old goshen connecticut. i do not miss those backwoods fucks at all.
@theactualrealMJ oH MY GOD
looking back on prom pictures is bringing back a lot of awful memories. fuck high school, seriously.
yay my eye twitch is coming back oh wow yay so exciting
hangin with @BigDawgAug in bahston. went to tasty burger it was so swell
@erinaib woooahhhhh i didn't know she was speaking.
I've probably lost like 15 lbs since I've moved out on my own because I can't cook for shit.
thinking about getting involved with corvid college....
two packets of oat meal for dinner mmmmm livin the dream, guys
every time chef gordon ramsey calls someone \"my darling\" i fucking melt inside you're like 50 but you're so hot.
Im first world starving to death.
got spotify yay how do i even use this though
literally no one loves the Muppet movie as much as me
so happy i don't have to go back to fucking connecitcut c u l8r suckaz
@sarahlantych hey what website did you tell me about that had the social work-y job listings
mY LIFE???HELP???!?!??!
like literally 0$
WOW so I have no money for up to 3 weeks. nice!!!!
overpowered by funk! dont you love our western waaaays
I don't like being called crazy. My feelings are completely valid.
\"you have a good punk backbone and that's what counts\" AW THANK YOU
FOUND ALL OF MY MONEY\nHOLY SHIT
I FORGOT I HAVE VEGAN CHEESE.
I got 96 tears in 96 eyes
only posers would go to that punk exhibit at the met. it's not even free. #zeitgeist in action.
this month literally have been the worst ever seriously what the fuck am i doing
WOW EVERYTHING SUCKS
tax return and rent money gone! welcome to allston!
@BigDawgAug there is no winning in this. how did you win? GOD august, you're so boring.
@BigDawgAug oh wait they do that that's the american prison-industrial complex
@BigDawgAug so if there are \"bad\" people they're just put em in a category and they stay there for their entire lives?
@BigDawgAug well you're talking like a republican! or maybe a hick... aren't they the same thing?
@BigDawgAug you can't group people into two groups like that. humans aren't that easy.
@BigDawgAug typical misogynist republican with the belief you have the power whether to decide a person is worthy or not
@BigDawgAug I  think my question is absolutely valid, you just don't want to answer it cause you know you're wrong.
@BigDawgAug that's right, don't answer the question.
@BigDawgAug quality of what? woman? how can a woman be of low quality? she's not a fucking object
@BigDawgAug HOW ARE WE RELATED
i need a fucking job
who wants to give me 20 dollars so i can see converge tonight thanks
I have approximate knowledge of many things.
WHY DO YOU NOT LOVE ME ANYMORE. WHY.
There's a light in the darkness of everybody's life.
for a minute there i lost myself i lost myself
ALSO four days in and I'm already tired of hearing my neighbors have sex at first it was funny and now i feel really awkward and creepy????
ALSO, if there is a God he works in mysterious god damn ways.
putting some blue in my hair yay
Cabin in the Woods was actually really fucking good
watching SLC PUNK and drawing with a kitty and edamame perfect summer starts NOW
who else did that social work final last minute just me okay that's fine
Tigers Jaw is getting me through this last social work paper
my neighbors having sex upstairs is shaking MY bed what the hell
I met you a year ago today and you completely changed my life.
is Ghost by NMH the best song ever written? the world may never know
speedy ortiz at great scott on the 16th hnnnnnnnnnnng
i have no clue how to cook rice, guys. RICE.
how do i adult
I have been eating only raw foods for the past month because I have no clue how to fucking cook #veganproblems
start my polisci final or sit in bed and draw and eat strawberries? hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
@Furr0ocious come up to boston, dude! i'm living here this summer. i'll be home around my birthday, probably :)
I got a phat chain it goes around my bike
my house in allston is called The Wafflehouse
Going to see Gogol Bordello July 20th fuck yeah
last night my roommate Shane brought me home vegan ice cream it was coffee flavored it may or may not have been fucking delicious
everyone in Allston is so nice like seriously
grandad, you can't tame the white supremacist power structure with cheese!
do you remember your lucky number
But always is always and always is valueless i wish I'd never heard her speak a word.
can't sleep and wicked stressed out so let's listen to converge at four in the morning yeah that seems like a good idea
really tho how good does the purge look
@erinaib i'm not a mistake i'm not a fake it's set in my DNA
all moved in in Allston ahhhhh now i need to be an adult omg
how can female privilege exist???? like, I DON'T UNDERSTAND
I fell in love again that time that you said \"fuck every cop who ever did his job\"
Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way
@RedScareBot hahaha
was just called \"biased\" for being a feminist like hell yeah im biased what the fuck you think this is
I always forget that there are some women out there who aren't feminist or are anti-feminist and I need to respect that but also WHY
\"Whoever controls the media, the images, controls the culture.\" - Allen Ginsberg
my marxist feminist dialect brings all the boys to the yard
@dfarecords actually doesn't look so bad http://t.co/FpA1XshB2z
@dfarecords it's like for a baby. why. http://t.co/9PdnOyCbu0
@dfa WHAT THE HELL GUYS WHO IS THIS A WOMEN'S MEDIUM http://t.co/tAqgRz1a3h
my lcd soundsystem t shirt is hereeeeeeeeeeeeee
first things first man you're fuckin with the worst i'll be stickin pins in your head like a fuckin nurse
moving to allston tomorrow omg wut
cannot stress enough how much i legitimately hate people who listen to dubstep in seriousness like as an legit music preference
if one more white girl reblogs pictures of Femen i will fucking FLIP it's so embarrassing to feminism i can't even right now i can't
could you NOT rap outside my window right now
dragging my ass to a meeting gaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh too tired
NO
SLEEP
TIL
BROOKLYYYYYN
one month today hollaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
@LizzyHowes1 oooooooooooooooo burn
@Saramony_ BOOM
If you wanna fuck with the eagles, you gotta learn how to fly
Important: does Five Guys have a veggie burger????????
I'm through with love. It's a petty bourgeois emotion.
@erinaib grrrl your hair is HOT
I am not your friend. I am just a man who knows how to feel.
Before you put my body in the cold ground take some time to warm it with your hand.
late night car rides with Brian
every time i think about how i was like two years ago i wanna kick myself in the face ugh why i was a republican
literally got to sit next to a cat tonight omfg his name was avery i can't even
@theactualrealMJ nah b your pale skin is beautiful
He gave them the heebie-jeebies. He had nothing else to give.
Homies help homies, always.
survived and got a patch its been real its been real
going to a metal show in southie bbl?
drive carefully there's no heaven
my my metrocard
this has been at least the third worst day of my life without a doubt
Dakattack and I are forming a band called Coed Acapella.
THEY KILLED DANA. I CAN'T. FUCK YOU.
as a Cancer I fucking love Tauruses like seriously I love you all
up m'lady pack your things this place is not your home.
@erinaib oooo what are you going to do
on my way to blue.
thankful i don't go to a school that did the '4/20 lets gather somewhere and smoke and the cops can't do shit' thing.
@PhotobyVeeRossi oh my gosh are you serious yes please yes
......thinking about stretching my ears.........
always always thirsty for band merch
how is title fight considered hardcore punk? awesome band, nonetheless.
sorry la dispute i'm stealing all your music
one two three four and five blood ran cold but i'm coming alive
I want it bad so bad i want it so bad and you're the right boy at the right time
@RamshackleGlory so pumped for the summer tour. boston july 10th.
bitties gonna bit bros gonna bro
if you got pissy last night because of the celebrations and people in the streets I don't fucking like you anymore.
not celebrating 420 for the first time in a few years but to those who are be safe and happy #holidaze
after the revolution, every intersection will be a dance floor
me staying sober tonight is a fucking miracle
took a selfie with a cop hah #FREEDOM
if you guys thought fenway was crazy you should have seen fucking mission hill
oh you sent a tweet and now you're a fucking activist jump on the bandwagon
watching v for vendetta and not leaving bed all day??
it's a fucking douchebag move to rush towards the action just to take pictures like fucking seriously guys
please stop tweeting misinformation it's fucking terrifying
I don't want to be a product of my environment, I want my environment to be a product of me.
watching The Departed to get a little Boston pride.
Boston, what the fucking fuck?
this is such a fucking scary time what the hellllllllllllllllll
I shaved today cause, like, patriarchy. ya know?
@dfarecords i bought a tshirt from you today yay
@BigDawgAug if i had fun wasting it, was it truly wasted?
@BeyondJobs0308 FUCK OFF
bought an LCD Soundsystem tshirt on a whim and now i have no money lol #thatbrokeirresponsiblecollegekidlife
I think I saw you in my sleep, darling.
fuck hippies.
also say anything is touring again??????
I'm listening to La Dispute.. and I'm liking it???
fuck Simmons right now.
why in every video of pat the bunny singing some fucking douchebag who doesn't know the words sings along like cmon guys realllyyyyyy  now.
@erinaib lol tell it how it is
a genderqueer person with a bob in the Fens told me that they \"love my bob\" oh my gosh thank you you're so awesome my day is made
if you're 31 and unstable I'm probably already in love with you.
congrats you suck
the Dead Kennedys' \"California Uber Alles\" is in this episode of The L Word omg #yes
brb cutting all of my tshirts into muscle shirts #itssummer
where is your boy tonight i hope he is a gentleman
@kimbramusic tight as fuck http://t.co/k9fpbSQS2m
people need to stop screaming in the streets because seriously guys we're all on edge.
If there's no dancing at the Rev then I'm not coming.
The universe doesn't revolve around you
If I hear another white girl cry about how it \"could have been her\" I will freak the fuck out.
Kind of freaking out. It'll be a challenge to function normally today.
#toughcitytoughpeople
seriously considering deleting my facebook because i hate you all
I DON'T WANT TO WEAR A FUCKING BRA ANYMORE.
the Misfits theme song is the best
the wingnut anarchist collective is looking for roommates should i go to richmond y/n?
\"I like making souffles\" RIGHT IN THE FEELS
I hate therefore I am.
going to catch up on my doctor who if you hear a woman hysterically weeping it's me guys
Chef Gordon Ramsay is my fucking soul mate.
what's worse listening to dubstep or listening to dubstep ironically
Everyday's my birthday cause bitches love cake
I want to follow more people on twitter but i can literally only stand about 45 people in my the world right now this is a problem
getting a bob tomorrow WOOT not the haircut an actual person named Bob whatever
Am i more than you bargained for yet #tbt
Be excellent to each other.
@theactualrealMJ http://t.co/2BpN9BuHXD go go go go!
$550 in tax returns that's one month's rent mothafuckaaaaa
@theactualrealMJ DO IT MARISSA
@ShitCtPeopleSay needs more about Litchfield county because it really is too easy to make fun of
like if there is a God or Goddess he/she gave me a sign this morning.
finding some faith???
Mother should i trust the government
Mother should i run for president
i didn't know that willi ninja died fuuuuuck #vogue
A teenage vow in a parking lot, til tonight do us part
the road outside my house is paved with good intentions
@MJShochat absolutely not but writing passive agressive facebook statuses about your partner is immature.
it's fucking dumb to take your problems to a facebook status. just shows lack of maturity.
????////??????////???/????////?//?/////?????
\"They're really rich they have casinos\"
this white bitch in my art class was like \"Native Americans are so privileged\"
Connecticunt
Everyone from Connecticut is a cunt, myself included.
oh my fucking god white privilege in my MCC
is 50$ a month for talk, text, and web from Verizon a good deal?? ADULTHOOD???
I am no man's bosom.
first AA meeting was a success. got my first chip. 24 hours.
I don't read the bible i don't trust disciple even if they're made of marble or Canal Street bling
now you're just somebody that i used to know LITERALLY THOUGH
Bow down, bitches.
so good seeing @siknastynik
shoes and ships and sealing wax cabbages and kings
emotions?????
