This that red cup out on the lawn shit
This that what we do, don't tell ya mom shit
I'm trying to get another tattoo tonight so cross your fingers that it actually happens
when something you want doesn't happen and you hoped so bad it would've..it's that hope that fucks you up
This is every human-cat relationship http://t.co/KqYryEdKWi
Never met anyone I would rather be.
Steppin out w my babe tonight 
Yet, I regret nothing.
Drank way too much last night. Feel like sheeeeeit
I hate my \"I hate everything mood\" ugh I need to stop this

I am so done w everybody
Baby steps https://t.co/2tyZ2aNRKT
I was just looking for my glasses and I was wearing them. I don't get tired
Can't wait for this massage! 50 hours this week has me so tense it's not even funny
At least I have the day off at one of my jobs today
This was the only morning I got to sleep in in like two weeks and I'm still up early af 
About to go to job number two today..  You keep chasing hoes and I'll keep chasing paper 
Money is the motive at this hour
I deserve better for myself. Know your value.
I'm beside myself
The universe has ways of telling you things. So listen
What the fuck was that
It started growling in my ear and I could FEEL the breath on my neck idk what to do
Swear in my life that something..a demon, a bad energy, SOMETHING, was just laying next to me on my bed. All my hairs stood up
People are really fucking pissing me off tonight
I pull the knife out my back and I cut their throats with it, mama
Don't neglect the progress of baby steps 
Lol jesus... smh 
Moms just said she's making a list of why she needs me around and only said one thing  rude
I've had my license back for not even a week yet and I've already hit something  I'm bad at this
*is on probation* *sells bongs and pipes as a second job* 
Both my jobs pay weekly 
Got another job today fornicate  bitches, obtain currency
@ItsTifanee never that! I just haven't seen you in 39 years 
Today's already bad 
Interview for another job later ! 
Me- why do ppl only pour a little bit of liquor into their cups instead of filling it up?\nEric- because they're not ratchet like you.\nwtf
I wish I had friends bc all I post are selfies
fleekoftheweek https://t.co/Ph4pjOOqjr
My counselor is such a bitch. We hate each other
4 months can't come fast enough
Not completely to my breaking point yet so
I hope things are better tomorrow
@POWitsToken ALWAYS! it's just kinda sad not everyone can embrace their music like you and I
No matter what kind of mood I'm in zeppelin always makes me feel 1000% better
 what a good day today was #AsiSonrisa https://t.co/ARtGLV8KHJ
@ItsTifanee so glad your my mcgirlfriend 
When do you know when to give up on someone?
Way to miss your flight Cameron. Good job bub 
Why do like all parents and older people say \"buh-bye\" instead of just bye lol
Bc I missed him so much  and he's finally coming home tomorrow can't wait to see this punk again  https://t.co/5iTXhzZlxU
So excited for Cameron to come home tomorrow. Been missin his punk ass
I miss him http://t.co/BqzCp5PtPw
I like coconut and I like water but idk if I really like coconut water
Probable cause...don't give it to em

I'm so fucking impatient sometimes it's not even funny
My heart is breaking for this little guy he hasn't moved in over an hour but is still breathing :( http://t.co/NpB2DUqWon
I just want a puppy to cuddle up with  ugh I miss having animals  
So happy I finally heard from Cameron  miss his punk ass
Twerk 
Ughimisscameron
Why don't more people fuck w Freddie Gibbs
Where's a good place to get high risk car insurance?
@ItsTifanee stop hating me
@ItsTifanee i knew you would see this
Gonna miss my Cameron! 
If I only had a dollar for every time I started talking to someone new got asked \"so do I get a sexy pic of you?:)\" *rolls eyes* so annoying
Guys that I dated, it's okay I am not mad yo..unless you stabbed me in the heart, no love ho
Tears, blood, and sweat but I ain't crippled
Send*
Now they're gonna contact my PO and tell her I'm not complying and den me to prison
Like I just started a job two days ago I won't even get a paycheck for a couple weeks
How am I suppose to attend my court ordered counseling if the place won't let me in bc I can't afford it rn wtf
Omg my new British friend is neat as fuck
I've never disliked a human being more than what I dislike my counselor
Ready to Die
@ItsTifanee: @hells_angel765  I love pissing you off  brings joy to me  you're a wonderful friend
@ItsTifanee Jeminy Christmas plz stop  idk how to spell that J word btw
No matter how hard I try and make things right, shit can never fucking work out for me god damn it
If it's not one thing it's another
I hate waking up early omg wtf why do people do this
I only use my Victoria secret scrub bead soap when I have a bad day. I used it tonight. God I hope tomorrows a better day. That is all.
I just want something real
Get your fucking shit together Alejandra what in the actual fuck are you doing
@ItsTifanee cuz im as piece of shit it ain't hard to fuckin tell 
@ItsTifanee When I die fuck it I wanna go to hell 
Suicidal Thoughts
It's a led zeppelin kinda day everyday
Suga suga how'd you get so flyyy
Omg I love my new probation officer  she's so nice. Fuck Howard county probation department cass is much better
Lol I soooo don't fuck w people who still say \"you mad bro\" lol when was that ever funny. Why was that even a thing
@ItsTifanee hell ya dude you don't even gotta ask. Just make sure we get the money first lol
@ItsTifanee I'll just lightly graze your calf
@ItsTifanee deal ! I'll shoot you somewhere it don't matter like your calf or something
Take one for the team @ItsTifanee http://t.co/u8mt23lX1O
Really need to repaint the bathroom. Orange bathroom makes every picture I take in there come out orange and I can't do it no more
I love Bryan Adams
Boycott makeup https://t.co/ASnIGbJ4ll
Where's a good place to buy nipple rings from?
OMG @ItsTifanee STOP 
Feel bad for the people who start shit and hate just because they ain't got nothing better to do in they lives lol smh
Damnnnn I wanna riiiiide wit youuuu

I just got a call and I got the job at big lots ! 
When Cameron's mad at me he calls me Alejandra. When anyone is mad at me they use my full name like that haha o k 
My fingertips and my lips..they burn from the cigarettes
@ItsTifanee I did it so you have to
Part your hairs down the middle @ItsTifanee
My nail broke off 
@ItsTifanee omg yea  that'll be us this spring
@WorldStarFunny @ItsTifanee
They're just words but they cut deep
This bitch hates me and don't even know me lol... http://t.co/sx3DfGxsHY
Shit Craig
Omg I showed up to the wrong freaking place again
I got mind controls over deebo
If your reading this you's a bitch
Help what's good on netflix
@ScrapLotto: Sleep is my only friend
Just to show the kids they ain't the only ones who up at night http://t.co/g4vLmfGKwR
\"I've been adjusting the wheels on cars all day. It's fun n stuff but let me tell ya.....it's tiring\"  stupid
More cowbell
@OmegaWolf_: @hells_angel765 Lol trying my best same 
@OmegaWolf_ I feel you lol staying outta trouble?
@OmegaWolf_ yeah it has been ! But same old shit lol wbu
I think I'm some kinda professional bc I pierced my ears today  http://t.co/cr6vyMvTar
I WAS RUNNIN THRU THE 6 WIT MY WOES
Why is curren$y so underrated
I don't give a fuck
Wait.....
Is that bad
I miss drugs
So tired of probation
Great now my sleeping schedule is all fucked
It's the thuggish ruggish booooone
Do you even remember who tony pajamas is
How cute are they?!  http://t.co/nQZU6Tf6AG
More guys should grow their hair and have man buns
@ItsTifanee I don't have your number I lost my contacts. Text my number I just got a new phone
Dude text me @ItsTifanee
I guess vodka makes me fight people .. Perhaps I just shouldnt drink
Free will ya know?
Lost my fucking phone last night
I forgot how nice drinking was 
The anxiety is real
Moms just got 8 fucking boxes of the same cereal wtf 
Accurate #happyvalentinesday http://t.co/jYAlCiBik2
Nate is the funnest person I've texted in like 5 years lol he's always on one I swearrr  ol punk ass
@ItsTifanee it makes sense tho I guess lol
@ItsTifanee I mean I feel what drakes doing but still lol cash money like started him out didn't they?
@ItsTifanee @NIGGERTWlTTER that's kinda messed up in a way lol
@ItsTifanee it's because I yove you
\"Do you like my new side tables? I made them from chairs that I cut the backs off of\" - mom .  she has lost her mind I'm telling you
Sometimes we have fun @itstifanee  http://t.co/Yx5ptkZ2jh
\"I saw her take something from lost and found and wear it\"  omg
I love her lol
Tifanee is the worst best friend ever
I love when guys have their nose pierced omg 
Brownie for breakfast..ask me how my morning is going 
Gimme the beat boys and free my soul, I wanna get lost in ya rock n roll and drift awaaaay 
Why in the hell is my probation officer making me come in once a week now wtf. It was only once every two weeks what happened
Cold, hungry, and cranky
Tifanee- \"So did you hear about your favorite person?\" \nMe-\"Oh god..who?\" \nTifanee- \"Bill Cosby\" \nhahaha what 
No ones gonna appreciate that book more than me lol.
I got sticky hands and stole a book of poetry like a week ago. You can either hate me for that or think I'm cool because poetry
@bimb0baggins  yupp. I think I'm just gonna work on me and start doing things for me and if I find someone along the way, cool lol
@bimb0baggins or ever
@bimb0baggins but I can't settle for that right now
@bimb0baggins finding someone who knows your worth an treats you like it is the hardest but maybe I'll find someone like that someday
@bimb0baggins exactly ! Can't just settle for shit no more
Anddddd that's all I have to say about that
Cameron was real good to me and all, and I'm hurting right now but shit I know I deserve better
My father called me alejandrita in a letter he sent me one time  that's sweet. Kinda miss him a little
he said 225 qp bc I'm pretty..aww haha
&amp; more power to me that I realize that
I don't need someone like that
Been missing me. That's a little fucked up of you soooo fuck you . It's a wrap
He told me he'd talk to me and we could work on things if he missed me...I was in jail for 3 months and just got out, you should've already
Don't believe me? Just watch
Or was he just fuckin with me
A man saw me fall today when I was getting in the car then we drove past him but it's okay bc he was nice about it and waved and smiled lol.
They can't stop me even if they stopped me..ha..ha..ha
On to bigger and better things
*half crying-half laughing*
Can't fight free will
It's a snow globe outside
Either way, I win
If you love me, I'm in your life, if you hate me I'm in your mind
I'm tired of living with demons cuz they always inviting more ... #smile http://t.co/4SFfxsvXiB
Rant over
I hate when I like someone and it doesn't work out. I always love so hard...for nothing
I can only try so hard for so long until I say fuck you and fuck this
Young and unlucky http://t.co/Nxf8cJ5RUz
Life
I feel bad for the people who think they gotta bash other people to make themselves look better lol like you must suck
I'm sad
Sorry for being gone since October guys. I just gotta outta jail today. I'm so fucking happy  http://t.co/hQtwG30Zee
Ya girl got outta jail today ! 92 long as days!!!!
Crazy that you gotta wait until dark to see who really with ya
Waited all day to cuddle w Cameron  I missed heeeem
Homegirl turned 19 today  19 years and still not dead  http://t.co/km2yo6dVil
19 years and still not dead
I had my notebook at Cameron's house and I opened it this morning and found king and queen cards  he's so sweet http://t.co/XCfZnUlco9
\"I wish enough for you\"
I really miss foreman I wish we never stopped being best friends.
@simplyMJ5: Maybe I am just a little fucked up. Life's just a little fucked up.

The ghetto comes outta me when I'm drunk... I'm drunk
I get way too fucking annoyed way too quick
ReMeMbEr WhEN pEoPlE uSed To TyPe LiKe ThIs LoL sO aNnOyInG
I love going into workdrunk as fuck
We gift wrap yo caskets, how you like that? Marion Indiana niggas ain't nothing to fuck with ..!
The past three years of my life have been so shitty lol. Maybe my happiness is in the future
I haven't had peace of mind in such a long fucking time..
Not knowing is the worst
I wanna spend my last weeks of \"freedom\" being happy. But how can I do that when I dont know if Im gonna be sent away for 3days or 20 months
The worst thing about the shit in my life right now is that idk what's gonna happen next
I'm so lost in life
What's a god to a person who don't believe in anything
Ye, we need another yeezus
Beauty queen of only eighteen, she had some trouble with herself  http://t.co/d3vPT65IVR
666
@ItsTifanee
@ItsTifanee
I don't mind spending everyday out on your corner in the pourin rain
I got too much of my daddy's blood running through my veins  http://t.co/nZ7DyQfUN9
Family cry some tears I got some years it ain't no issue. Mama with a tissue she can't believe she raised this typa nigga
Better not have to e in jail on my birthday or I'm gonna be so shitty
We bout it bout it http://t.co/YJOHJp07eb
Changed my smiley to match my nose ring  http://t.co/UTtSkYCTIw
@_hannahkristine aw babe! Thank you my sweet 
I regret my selfies like 5 minutes after I post them lol
Half #Latina I'm blessed  http://t.co/Jb6qydA4Pk
Just real tired of seeing \"State of Indiana v. Alejandra Brown\" it's sucks man
Ugh dont wanna go to jail mannnnn 
I'm moving to Mexico
I hate everything
@ItsTifanee always takes all the blankets at night
Shed
You she's tears when you hurt right? You bleed when I cut you right? You motherfuckers just like me
I wanna be like Pablo Escobar
There's just nothing in my life anymore and that's why I hate it
Always in between a rock and a hat place
Self centered bastard 
@ItsTifanee I love you !!!
@ItsTifanee good you better be just playinnnn! 
@ItsTifanee @TrapicalGod  I don't do that 
In January I next year my whip will be a Lincoln navigator  too excited
I'm just so tired if struggle everyday of my life. My soul is so tired
Can't catch a break with anything...
I'm so close to the edge it's not even funny
Some people don't really mean it when they say they hate life but I'm not one of them
@Aka_JuJu15 thanks so much! Goodnight
@Aka_JuJu15 I could try
@Aka_JuJu15 it makes sense... But idk what I'm gonna do. I don't think I can talk to him about it. I hVent talked to god in a long time but
@Aka_JuJu15 it doesn't and I've been thinking about it ever since he first told me and the more I think about it the more I'm uncomfortable
@Aka_JuJu15 what should I do 
I literally don't even have a place to live right now and he does and says I can't be there...idk if I can do this guys
I just can get comfortable with the fact that my boyfriend is getting an apartment with his friend michelle then says I can't live with him.
Things aren't the same between Cameron and I ever since he put down the security deposit for an apartment with Michelle.
No one ever really wins in heart break warfare
@ItsTifanee: @High_imAllie practically inseparable we are never breaking up
I want to find a career I love going to on Mondays
@ItsTifanee scissor me timbers 
@ItsTifanee we are in love
@ItsTifanee Um your my girlfriend
Me and @ItsTifanee 's random hour long phone calls are the best 

@DeMar_DeRozan: I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my ways...
What's the first thing on your mind when you wake up in the morning?
Food for thought
After we die, that's it. Black...nothingness...the end
Chris is a good friend
Ain't no rest for the wicked
I have to be up in one hour 
So my #smiley happened today  #iloveyouben http://t.co/5gmLCGH5QK
I'm in Bens portfolio  I love him
Ben at new breed takes pictures of me because we are in love
Shit I'm about to get my smiley pierced today 
Not going to jail today 
Know why?
It's gonna be a good day
Cameron is making me steak at 3:15am haha I love him
@ItsTifanee hahha I love when you bug me
I met god. She's black
@ItsTifanee 
Got this guy feeling my probation officer is gonna be so shitty with me on Tuesday. Not looking forward to it.
Hate rich niggaz god dammit...cuz I ain't never had a lot dammit
Cameron takes my phone and writes out sweet messages but sends them to twitter
I love you more than words can explain. I can't express how I feel when I'm with you
One day I'll wake up and be glad I did
Not really a believe of god but if he's real he's definitely been sending me some signs today
Streets don't sleep
I colored these shoes last night  http://t.co/nWcfNDwGPg
Him is good to me 
My babe is in the kitchen making me breakfast
I hope the universe blesses brit and josh for giving me a place to sleep tonight
We get drunk off old fruit and if that isn't cute as a motherfucker than idk what is
Man sometimes I just be like what the fuck w Cameron 
Drunkish
But*
Life is shitty rn by I'm a little drunk and looking at the stars makes me realize shit.... Life man...it's beautiful and shitty
when I look at the stars when I'm drunk I realize life isn't that shitty even tho it's shitty rn
Party &amp; bullshit
Omg Cameron wake up alreadyyyyyyy
This is stupid
I just don't like cops I'm sorry not sorry
Starvin marvin
Everybody say they from the hood and they real...they not
Everybody on Instagram lookin like they mad rich ....they not
You use to be the shit but now you ain't shit bitch
I'm a damn survivor I wouldn't have had it tattooed on me if I wasn't one !
Sick of life shitting on me so I'm about to shit on life and fucking MAKE IT all on my own 
I'm about to get it on my own
We are beautiful because we are doomed
Hair long as shit, down to my thong n shit
Love don't leave you out in the cold
@BigBottomCottom figure something out
@BigBottomCottom I'm literally crying right now...I don't even know what to say to thank you enough...I will definitely get at you if I dont
@BigBottomCottom life
@BigBottomCottom town until I figure out something. Thanks so much girl just the fact that you said something makes me wanna not give up on
@BigBottomCottom I freaking love you. I appreciate it so much. I don't have a way to get to Kokomo but I think I'm just gonna chill around

Don't even have a car I could sleep in tonight
:)
fucking up tweets so im done now
wont be no gain without no pain
They don't talk about the kid who came from nothing , stuck to what she believed in and turned into http://t.co/DBoT2Bc2zU
@bimb0baggins 
Girl stop talking that shit..go suck a nigga dick for a new outfit
I see pain killers on the kitchen counter I hate to see it I hurt so bad
There is never a dull moment between us
Cameron and I just sat outside my house and talked for 3 and a half hours and I miss him already
Man I want a fucking bottle
When I'm a mother I'll make sure my kids won't have to go through half the stuff I had to
If I cut you then you bleed right? You motherfuckers just like me
Don't be giving out information you know this bitch still on probation, still get higher than expectations
Had to pour out some drink for niggas I miss
Drunkish tonight
May the rest of your days be cool as fuck
It's soooo humid out I am going to die
I'm glad that I work with Cameron I love seeing him practically every time i clock in
If I would've never been arrested the second time I would've never moved to logansport and met Cameron. Things happen for reasons
I could be a cake right now but everyone already knows I'm so in like with my boyfriend  and on that I'll say goodnight
Can you believe there are plants that are illegal \nPlants \n\nCan you believe there is love that is illegal\nLove
Babe should get off work like now
I has a good boyfriend 
If my life was a drink it would be a room temperature coke with melted ice
The only thing keeping me here is my boyfriend. I wanna be w him for a long ass time but if we break up that's my move
Like tony montana, woman form.
I would grow money and not have to worry about the government. I would move to a part in the country that the cartel isn't big in and be
I wish I had like $5000 to move to Mexico with. I would never come back.
I wish the world could just come together. Why is there so much hate
Time flys so fast. August already almost over. If time keep going like this maybe 20 months probation won't be so bad. #hopeful
@Nancybishop_ that's russiaville for ya lol
@Nancybishop_ haha yeah when I went his house for the first time I said \"nancy lives over here!\" Lmao
Follow my lil bro he alright  @RickyBearden
It fucks me up sometimes that I use to have a family I would do anything for and now I can't wait to never see most of them again
I think it'd be cool to work at a library
@ItsTifanee: With my killa dats me
Happy freaking birthday my love I hope today Is so perfect just like you  love you babe happy 19 years @ItsTifanee
Hurt, sad, worried, stressed
Cameron is the only light in my life and things have just been so shitty this week like idk man I just want happiness for us all the time
Why do we gotta fight...
Tell me what you think when you can't fall asleep at night
Ughhh life man
Heavy sigh
@BenStauffer_: all i do is cause problems omg same
Sad
I think I'm lonely. I probably am
I wish I knew why I was so annoyed tonight. Fuck tonight
All I want right now is my boyfriend I fucking miss him
He tweeted I was savage
@ItsTifanee thanks so much babe i basically just cried
@ItsTifanee listens to me cry everytime I'm sad about life. She's my rock through everything. Won't ever find anyone else like her
Once you get into the system they make it so hard for you to take yourself out
The list goes on
I'm just about to move to Mexico. Not have to deal with probation, all these fines, my felony, going back to jail, drug counseling, aa...
Maybe if I sell my soul to the devil I can come up with 6000 by Friday somehow
Fuck life man I'm so sick of this shit I been going through for so long now
SMITE ME SOME MORE ALMIGHTY SMITER
And when I do go through spells of \"believing\" I'm usually mad as hell at god. For someone to love me w everything, I don't feel the love
No matter how hard I ever prayed to god nothing ever happened so Im glad the whole god concept works for other people by Iaint never had tht
I cannot catch a break...I've been being punished for the past 7 months about this bullshit and I keep finding out more stuff
Love when Cameron stays the night with me. I love having someone to sleep with all night
Omg Cameron looks fucking good af right now 
I like when people have books in their homes
Guess who doesn't have school tomorrow. This bitch 
#IfTheyGunnedMeDown what picture would the news use? http://t.co/bEE5xS6U19
This dude I'm with make me feel some typa way 
Man what the FUCK  
I hate when guys don't have broad shoulders. Like you might as well be a girl
How many dudes are genuine about the shit they be doing for theyre girls and not just doing it because she made a tweet about it &amp; he saw it
@ErickaNorthern lol I'm just keeping it real dawgggg  thanks
Why I don't wanna hangout w you? I don't hangout with thots sry
@ItsTifanee damn I thought baseball was in the fall
Always be yourself every motherfucking day
Everybody play the tough guy til shit pop off
@BryceCampbell87 I mean he was good but all that singing lost me ..plus all the lil wayne throwback took me down memory lane
Two black women beside us at the concert was saying \"fuck that lightskin nigga drake bring tunechi back out\" 
@BryceCampbell87  can't lie I was team lil Wayne last night what team are you?
Lil Wayne murdered Drake last night
It's shark week motherfuckers
@bimb0baggins: I used to pray like God was listening. I used to make my parents proud.
Someone buy me chicken fries
Tifanee's wifi sucks like 16 asses
Tifanee sleeps forever long
Tomorrow we in that muhfugga!!! @itstifanee  who all going? #drakevslilwayne http://t.co/bb2pkB0n1F
Coke so white, it's game over .. !
Just got my first tattoo yesterday but I want soo many more like right meow
Kinda wanna sleep kinda need to get my ass up
My nipple piercings hurt wayyy more than what my tattoo did by far
My boyfriend gave me my first cute little tattoo today  he's the best. Once I get more ink we are http://t.co/sZbhFybwQ2
Cameron's so cute when he's tattooing and drawing up people's designs 
Just imagine if mankind could use 100% of there brain ...shit would be fucking nuts man ..
Iggy is trash sorry not sorry. Still pretty tho
I may not have it all together but at least my phone wallpaper isn't a picture of myself lol.
I've missed driving so much guys it's been a long 90 days
TODAY IS THE LAST DAY MY LICENSE SUSPENSION IS STILL IN EFFECT 
lol Cameron says if I was a cat that I would be the kind that is really fluffy who sits on the pillow and only eats the soft food whatevs
Love Cameron
I just saw my moms boyfriend naked...then he noticed I was here and said \"oh shit..sorry\"  idk how to feel rn
Being on probation makes me wanna die
It really sucks that Cameron is 23 and can go out to the bar but I can't 
Sorry I just wanted to flaunt the ring Cameron bought me yesterday. Every time I look at my hand and http://t.co/pslyiOTOzZ
I have the best friend anyone could ever ask for. @ItsTifanee is better than gold and idk where I would be without her
Cameron gave me a ring today i guess you could say we like each other 
Maybe I love him
Lmao everyone use to jam to that song it's so old I forgot about it completely
This .... Right here.....is my.....swag
Damn man life's just kinda shitty right now
Didn't do any AA/NA meetings as a part of my probation terms and she let me off the hook  no probation violation and jail for me 
I give up
So ya when does baseball season start? Bc I thought it was in the fall time but then I was thinking maybe not lol I have no clue
lol I have some issues 
Are there even any baseball games in the fall
I have to wake up in two hours
Can't wait for baseball games w Cameron this fall 
Babe surprised me with pokemon cards today  best present ever he's a keeper.
My problem when I drink is that I try to out-drink people lol. About 80% of the time I succeed but that's when I just get too fucked up
I'm still feeling green after last night

Hims even cooked food and brought it to me this morning 
Love my baby I know it sounds naive but I've never found anyone else like him #cf4e
My babe is so good to me. Love when he sings for me 
Stimulate yo mind, mannnn
I have a great boyfriend guys.  how did I get so fucking lucky
Those who struggle together, stay together @ItsTifanee
So freaking hungry..need nacho bell grande 
7 days til I get my license back bitchez
annoyed
Still glad I passed my drug test 
Saw my typo in a tweet I wrote today when I said I drank need when it was suppose to say beer hahahaha k
I'm an unlucky person but damn I lucked out today 
I drank need last night and had my BAC tested today. Don't even know how I passed it. Glad I'm not in jail right now
My bitch in the kitchen making me cookies... @ItsTifanee
I asked my brother Eric what he was up to and this is what he says  http://t.co/knjdz4CEAk
At least my brother misses me
I think that I'm lonely, I probably am
Keep ya heat, I been going through a cold stage
Looks like we in love but only on camera
Young and unlucky
Don't believe the lies
If you don't like Mumford &amp; Sons idk what you're doing with your life
Heavy sigh ...life
I've already had a beer and the sun isn't even up
Mom tries to piss me off it's so disrespectful like that's childish as fuck
@Stropulous LOL nah I don't think thats it. Because 2 years ago she use to take me to drinking parties and tell me to have fun and not drive
And why she gotta tell me she can't wait to not live with me anymore like does anyone else's mom a fucking cunt to them? Or did I get lucky
God damn my mom is a fucking bitch man lol. Like why she gotta take my beer and just throw it away? Now I gotta buy more. 
But it's none of my business http://t.co/g8lRGxc7WN
Beer is good all the time
My boyfriend told me he liked me and I told him we was alright 
@Stropulous rude
Guess I'll just drink alone then. no friends
Rant over
I had so many problems when my mom wasn't in my life I wanted to die everyday and she says she don't need me
Man my mom says some of the most hurtful shit to me. \"I don't need you to survive\" got me feeling pretty shitty
I want a dog who looks vicious and badass as fuck ... Lyk dis http://t.co/QXa37ctYm0
Twas nice talking to @DJLaceyJ today miss my homegurlll
RIP Aaliyah
@Drake: First day of Drake vs. Lil Wayne rehearsals were INCREDIBLE. Can't wait for the people to see it. @ItsTifanee !!!!!
I mclove @ItsTifanee
S/o coree for cutting my hairs :) 
\"If my kid has red hair.....I'm ignoring it\" LMAO I'm an awful person
Heavy sigh
Ugh Cameron hates me
lol bitchasssss
@austinTDnash not all bad lol
@austinTDnash he has some good stuff out there
I been sleepin on hopsin
Nocturnal 
If there's a higher power then show me
Guys 12 days until my drivers license isn't suspended anymore!!
I love spending time with my tif babe  @ItsTifanee

Such a great day with Cameron 
Gd
My mom her boyfriend and his daughter are all fucking bitch made
Rant over
Oh but Alex can have whoever the fuck she wants come over and stay the night... I'm kinda pissed lol.
Like how are you suppose to meet this person if I can't have anyone over? Like you fucking retard what do you want from me
It's not fair that my mom ask her boyfriend if one of my friends come over? And then he says he doesn't know bc he doesn't know the person?
I love Lilo and Stitch omfg
@DanGlee_Sack they expelled me two months before graduation I feel your pain
Lolz
Fuck dot
Fuck this
You know im getting real tired of this shit.. 
Lay a fucker down spray his ass then reload
The second I tweet about Cameron coming over to watch movies it probably won't happen sooo.. *knocks on wood*
@ItsTifanee 
@ItsTifanee ima buy you a whole damn glacier for that pretty little finger of yours
@ItsTifanee exactly omg marry meeeeeee 
@ItsTifanee lets never break up
My heart beats only for you @ItsTifanee
Paper chasin 
@ItsTifanee so close!!! So excited
I had bad dreams last night 
You find what your looking for when you stop searching for it  I'm happy rn
So excited to get my license back guys you don't even know...
Cameron just earned emojis by his name #itsreal
@BYork15 @ItsTifanee I'm schleep
OMG WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME LOL @ItsTifanee
Drugs are illegal bc it opens your mind and makes you realize everything you know is a lie
Gd it Cameron 
Cameron playing with my emotions all the damn time  I ain't one to chase nobody
This dude just said \"I'm just trying to see a little something\"  haha  you can f off now
Zooted bitches 
Bye Felicia
@ilovelife20201 omg!!' I want like the same thing but I want mine to say survivor!! I've been wanting it forever I'm getting it in August
@StevStiffler: If you tickle my feet I am not responsible for what happens to your face. @ItsTifanee
Dats luv
I would smoke my last bowl with you
I use to want $100 million dollars and a bad bitch but now it's 200 and a mnage in my palace
Thot house
Can't wait to see bae today :)
@Aldens_World lol I'm trying to forget them. I'll be happy when I'm off probation
Probation ruins all my fucking plans
Increase the peace
I had such a liberating dream last night.
I'm questioning why there's even a French horn emoji ...........
I do it for Sosa
@austinTDnash 
It's the hashringing...hashsinging..hashslingingslasher!!
It's the hashslingingslasher!!
Get the fuck out my face @ItsTifanee
Tell a hater I said fuuuuck you
What is there to even do
Keep having dreams about oomf who I've never even met before
@ItsTifanee okay  have a good day at work
I sleep better when my babe is here @ItsTifanee
Day of shopping w bae was great  kohls, the mall, our regular trip to the shop  aaaand Taco Bell   @ItsTifanee 
Im a blood and she anemic..we perfect for each other
Don't have sympathy for the girl who keeps going back to the dude who can't love her
People will believe anything that's on the internet 
Cameron is my love forever
Your dad is hot
I come home and the $400 I had isn't where I left it ...
I wanna dip that ass in gold @ItsTifanee
\"That's a nice shower head\"  omg @ItsTifanee
PARTY N BULLSHIT
I wish cameron would text me back but obviously he sucks
I want some nachos
Shit I'm just chillin tho 
Cuddles with maddy today  http://t.co/Zb52uIpJYE
Extremely blessed, extremely blessed ahhhhh
I heard that police don't have to have special license plates now...that's kinda really fucked up
All this court and probation shit better go quick this morning
I just got the most thoughtful text but don't even know who it came from :( and now they won't text me back because I had to ask who it was
Mr. I-stay-out-all-night-but-can't-come-over.. f u
I got all ready and everything for Cameron to come over an watch movies and he isn't even coming now. I'm a little fucking pissed
My boss bought me subway today again 
@Nancybishop_ @ItsTifanee I miss you!!! 
@ItsTifanee thanks babe!!! Love you so much thanks for always being so supportive! 
Miss my cameronnnnn
Sometimes I'm petty as fuck but I just don't give a fuuuuck 
I'm actually pretty content that I made everyone is this house as shitty as I am. Fuck them I'm in a better mood now
Lmao  http://t.co/GjCKOM7PlW
Lol still cute doe
There's two lil chipmunks chasing each other right outside my window and I think they're about to get frisky
Love of mine, someday you will die but I will be close behind, I will follow you into the dark 
I may not be in a relationship rn but gd people are so naive about them it's retarded
I want a puppy :(
Blowing up my phone what'd I tell your ass about that?
Yayayyy can't wait for my lil date with Cameron 
I'm gonna stop being mad now 
@ItsTifanee @DamnRealPosts   love you tif http://t.co/x1uLovTkHw
I fucking hate boys lol boys are dumb
Ugh I'm getting fucking pissed gd these mfs 
Skulls and bones in the same closet I grow reefer in
Leave his thoughts on my shoe strings 

Ugh mf work
Really tho how am I still awake
Don't care if it's one shot or 17. Dark liquor makes me vomit
Gonna sleep so good tonight
Chris is seriously such a good friend. Love that dude
This party sucks lol take me home
Awwww sheeeeit
So I made a friend from mf Kansas? Lmao wtf
The music you decide to play before you go to a party is important
Put in over 12 hours today  get paid lil niggas
Yes I love getting a 30 minute break so I can come back and work 7 more hours
Hello, 911? I just liked his selfie from 43 weeks ago
Okayyyy I'm getting worried now
Chinese food sounds sooooo good to me right now
Lolololol ha ha ha ha fr
Choke me
Don't make plans with me if your not gonna follow through with them.
I miss tifanee
Bitch doesn't like me for some goddamn reason I didn't do shit to her lmao cunt ass
Even tho I been wearing my shoes for a month now and I been wearing my nose ring ever since I started working there...that's bullshit
So they sent me home from work because I had my nose piercing in and that I wasn't wearing the right shoes..
Whore is lucky I'm on probation
Just heard this whore I live with just straight up lie to this sweet old woman who's cat just died. I should just go beat her ass

Walked to work already and didn't even have to work this morning
Lord have mercyyy #gd
@ButDaquanSaid: \"Now lil daquan ur mom gon take care of you I gotta move on bruh\" http://t.co/2cJKMmTO5y this is not right 
American dad has my ass cracking up right now!!  (no pun intended) 
My last rt...I do that shit when I'm not high lol I hate it
I think I found my future husband
How you gonna carry a baby for 9 months and name it Gary
I regret all my selfies like 2 seconds after I post it haha why am I so self conscious fuck 
Fuck your filter http://t.co/5FHc5KmDQs
We act likes it's such a big secret lol like I can never have people over to the house because her damn boyfriend gets paranoid like wtf
Mom likes to act like we're the only family who smokes weed. EVERYONE SMOKES WEED
Being Christian is ok. Being atheist is ok. I honestly don't give a flying fuck
Just my little rant hehee 
I'm sorry lol I'm just more of a spiritual person so don't try to convert me plz
That is if you sin 
Agony...but he still loves you.
I'm sorry I don't believe in an invisible man who lives in the sky who will send you to a place to swim in a lake of fire and torture and
I love Abel and miss him dearly
Grim adventures of Billy and Mandy
Cold pizza
I wish I could hangout with tyler the creator
Animals deserve to live forever
kitty-glitterrr: nooneslife: mad-man-with-a-scarf: shavingryansprivates: this is my favorite video of all  http://t.co/NClsBlQKRI
 dying
1:16 am http://t.co/uDI6RmoZMW
We're all made from the stars and if that's not cool shit to you then i don't know you
Today was kinda shitty as fuck
Wow that's really fucking stupid
Lord I wonder if I'll ever change my ways
Lolz
GET THE FUCK OFF SNAPCHAT AND GO DO SOMETHING WEAK ASS NIGGA, YOU AINT LEARN NOTHING NEW THIS SUMMER HUH? I BET YOUR PHONE UPDATED THO
I swear if one more thing doesn't work out for me today I'm going to do something really fucking twisted
Omg I am soo shitty right now I kinda really want to break something
So I'm about to get my first tattoo
You motherfuckers boring
I have thee biggest crush on Cameron lol  about to make his ass some cookies tomorrow
@earlbeezyy it's seriously the best!!!
Just watched the rugrats in Paris and now I'm watching the rugrats go wild lol it's a goodnight 
Omg I'm about to cry  so sad
Two people told me I had pretty eyes today  makes me feel goooood
@BrotherDusty it's going alright thanks! I hope yours is going well too I hope your birthday is the shit 
What's a god to someone who don't believe in anything
Happy soul day! @BrotherDusty
I don't have to wake up at the ass crack of dawn tomorrow for work so that's a plus
I'm from Marion..used to walk around with work in my backpack
One minute they on your team next minute they ain't witcha...
Whole lotta pot ha ha ha ha and it ain't gon stop
@CallMeEspinoza: You thicker than a bowl of oatmeal
Skipped a size while gauging my ears again lol still a little sore even after half an hour 
Who in the fuck makes a flipagram lol especially made of pictures of only them lmfao smh
After all these years my eyebrow game is finally on point
Really don't feel like opening work this morning 
I miss my gurlfran and her snapping photos of me snapping http://t.co/PLVZpJFdYA
Really hate sounding thirsty or whatever but I really would appreciate a conversation with someone
I loved watching the even Stevens movie when I was younger haha it always was so funny to me
My potna @ItsTifanee  http://t.co/DLnBL27iIA
Mythology has always intrigued me
Snorlax is my spirit pokemon
@Stropulous all pokemon are great and deserve good masters. They're all my fav but snorlax is so cute. Charmander also 
Snorlax is my favorite pokemon 
Last night I had a dream I had a baby and I woke up with baby fever 
I'd love to go a party n shit but I like this paper better 
POUR SOME SUGAR ON MEEE
You already know the pigs are gonna be heavy today 
Everybody please don't text me all at once now
@Stropulous I'm waiting??
Really considering building a fort right now
Wahhh can't schleep
Send nudes
Trying to zzzzzz 
Please stop setting off fireworks tank u
@BenStauffer_: im kind of an asshole but thats ok im cool with it
@ItsTifanee: @High_imAllie has a stalker  he wants to be my sugar daddy soo bad lmao no tank u
My sugar daddy came into my work today and shook my hand and he had a 20 dollar bill in his palm lmao?? #sugardaddy #creeper #illstilltakeit
Jealous of everyone at warped tour today
I got chills...they're multiplyin
I'm just gonna stop looking. Whatever it is that I'm seeking will find me on it's own time
Kinda been getting salty about the fact that I don't have anyone permanent in my life. I need somebody
Cameron asked me what my princess name was lol he is my boo thang forsure
All men are dogs lol and all women are bitches
Got my #Nails did after work today  http://t.co/ElpXQjSGkk
Omggg lol my mom is being so annoying right now 
It is what it is
We the last free souls in the world on our own just roaming...
Never knew I'd get paid like this 
Feels good to finally be off work damn 
Why am I up already
\"We like to stay inside when it's hot\" @ItsTifanee 
Ive never disliked someone so much in my entire life...
Throwback cuz I miss my blood  ericdurann  #foe http://t.co/xdLiR6y8wg
Long story short I need to stop accepting rides from strangers
40 year old mexican man just took me out to eat and I honestly thought I wasn't gonna come home today lol. Ugh gd creepy
Mom was tryin to look out for me, but I was tryin to look out for us
My niggas they all got heart..yo niggas ain't got enough
Them niggas ain't got yo back, them niggas gon set you up
Check  #needmorepiercings http://t.co/BXh6izKCRX
Very worth it
Much hurt
So I just got my nipples pierced
Empower yourself without a fuckin handout
Too damn early for this bs
Ride maybachs like Ross
Tryna get my nipples pierced tomorrow el oh el
Somebody always gotta say something stupid and kill my vibe
Fuck her once, forget her
I wanna vibe with some grams, a stereo  system, and a chill ass person
Don't you just hate cops tho fr 
@ItsTifanee appreciation tweet
Fuck around and smoke it all 
I wanna go shooting 
So I might be getting my tattoo within the next couple days finally
Re up w us
Sry spitta
Lol I fuck every thing up 
79 Malibu and make it bunny hop to the dawg house that's the money spot I run up in there get the money and get out @CurrenSy_Spitta
Cameron I hate youuuuu
Equal rights man that's what I'm talking about!  next up...the legalization of marijuana ! 
Fuck I don't want to go to court.. 
I don't want to go to court tomorrow
Accidentally favoriting tweets since day 1
I hate court in two days 
Today at work a three year old lil boy grabbed my hand and kissed it and told me it was nice to meet me lol it was the sweetest thing 
I been working too hard lets get into some fun shit
Kinda wanna move back to Marion tho. I want my trap back
When they say turn down we turn up then turn up some more 

When you try to kill a bug but you miss and so it flies away alive but now pissed off &lt;
#rideordie maybe my brother does love me http://t.co/TfyVNeqlVy
Young nigga, drug dealer gotta squad fulla killers and they all gonna ride
bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
@Dont_giveadamnn: I think my twitter account value went up 2 dollars from tonight
About to make today's cheddar 
51 more days until Drake vs. Lil Wayne concert! 
50 more days until my license isn't suspended anymore! 
I wanna watch any motion picture film with Jim Carey in it right now I love that man 
Women lie, men lie but numbers don't lie
I laughed wayyyyy too hard on that last rt 
Fuck yo thunder buddy
Ugh I wish I had my xbox 
There are only so many hints I can drop lol.
Cameron sucks for never coming thru today 
Omgg is this real lifeee 
I wish I had friends to text
@ilovelife20201 it's nothing :(
@ilovelife20201 it HAS been forever! It's so sad. When we were kids we spent literally every weekend together and everyday at school and now
@ItsTifanee yeah uh huh 
@ItsTifanee LMAO \"maybe\"  perhaps I am asking for too much
@ilovelife20201 I need you too! We need another week together we need to catch up!!!
#poetry
Hot man w a guitar..take me for a ride in ur car..we don't have to go very far..wait..what are you doing I don't live this way
@ItsTifanee not even w you??
@ilovelife20201 I miss you so much! 
@ilovelife20201 hey that's okay!!! Because we're gonna work something out! no amount of distance can keep me from my best frannn 
I miss my kinz 
@ZiggityZaneMANE lol I meant it too
@ilovelife20201 yes we do!!!!  Are you coming back anytime soon?
I just wanna get a whole bunch of the funniest movies ever and just watch them w somebody and have a good time am I asking for too much
@ilovelife20201 I miss you babe! I need you in my life again.  I'll be here always..as I know you are for me!
@ZiggityZaneMANE   just come get her and keep it
I live with a sloot and I hate it. Moms boyfriends daughter needs to leave
@CallMeEspinoza you have nice hair
The look your mom gave you at those parent teacher conferences http://t.co/8PiB4PiGKR
GETS* LOL
CHARLES MANSON HAS BEEN GRANTED PAROLE AND HE GETA OUT ON TUESDAY....wut
Haha samurai jack was the shit
weavemunchers: being alone with your friends parents     http://t.co/Bivq1Orsw5  yaaas
\"You know what really turns me on?.....unprotected \n\nWifi\"  
Just a #selfie on this fine ass Wednesday  http://t.co/brrWpW9nMB
My Cuban step mother is the plug
Someone text me
This bitch does not ever shut up
I fucking hate bugs...
I wish at least one of the three cell phone chargers I own worked gd
Man I can't wait to run into you 
BITCH YOU WASNT WITH ME SHOOTIN IN THE GYM
@BYork15 ok den. Text me 7655136061
@BYork15 I mean if you wanna listen to me complain about shit that's been bothering me I don't have a problem w it lol
The plotting and scheming begins
Too busy texting back all the 0 messages I'm getting right now
UGH MOTHERFUCKER
\"Swiped right on tinder because there was pizza in the picture\" Jesus Christ lol 
Baby will you be my corona and liiiime? 
Oh yeah my boss bought me subway today  love that woman. Best place I've ever worked at. Wonderful people there
Happiness is better when it's shared
@chanelpuke: YES 911 HELP I LIKED HIS PICTURE FROM 2010
Moms had pickles for me when I got home from work tonight maybe she does love me http://t.co/FLcMp4bAj9
All I'm trying to say is life is too short. All we got is love and the time to make it right
I wish trees could talk...like imagine all the things they've seen and could tell you about 
Hurry up with my damn croissant
Happy soul day!! @ScrapLotto
Will you give up what you love for who you love?
Jets ... Fool
Dreams money can buy
@LiLBiLLSwavey: Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt, and being real gets you hated.
I could tell you how the game is going just from my timeline
We can never be happy with ourselves unless we stop comparing us to others and stop trying to be what society wants us to be
Everyone judges people. Whether you accept that or not, we do
First I must go without judgement upon myself and then I will go without judgement upon others
Caleb is rad
I loved seeing all your hot dads on Instagram today thank u
It's funny to see how much some of these dudes look like their fathers on insta lol
Pocketful of dead president and ima bring them alive
Fuck your life
 damn people care way to much about some stupid ass shit
Happy Father's Day to my mom who had to play both roles!!!!!!
Feliz dia de Los padres! 
Had awful dreams of satan taking on human form and killing people. I just wanna sleep good 
I really need a dog I'm too alone all the time
I am nobodies \"option\" I am the first choice or I'm nothing at all. Fuck dot
I'm gonna give you one more chance to shut the fuck up
@ZiggityZaneMANE: 50 shades of what dat mouf do
Put in 10 hours straight today whatcha know about dinero ? 
@ItsGirllCode: Maybe if period pain burned calories it would be worth it
I love you I'm so happy you exist I'm so glad you're alive
Fuck sellin out
I feel celestial
BRUHHH...20 months supervised probation 
Someone text me 7655136061 #ThirstTrap #notreally #justbored
Been watching rugrats, catdog and now hey Arnold lol it's a good night
Dudes want a girl who her got her shit together but all he got is a Versace belt, newest Jordan's and a half bottle of ciroc.
@TheLSDGod: Nature walks http://t.co/7FtQctcRHe perfect
Just realized I couldn't because then I'll have to change my @ and ugh  damn
Changed the spelling...had to do it
@em_tackett: I need boots to wade through all your bullshit
Like you can't want better for other people. They're gonna have to want it themselves
I swear people just care to much about what others are doing with their lives lol.  Worry about you and take care of you.
@Poochda63: This bitch had me so deep in the friendzone that she use to put me in a headlock when she saw me 
August 9th Drake and Wayne @ItsTifanee and I are in that bitch!
 yaaaas
I had a dream last night that everyone had super powers except me :-(
Just saw my very attractive manager at the gas station lol he was buying beer and still looking gud af
@ItsGirllCode: In case any girls are having a bad day   https://t.co/nuybKQk8c0 I will always rt this 
Noah the real MVP
Wahhh I watched the notebook again for the 216th time but am still sad 
@ScottyTyll lol I'm honored you feel that way about my words 
Don't trust people who don't keep their starter pokemon
So I'm an auntie I think
@ItsTifanee re fucking tweet!!! Real shit
Mf never loved us but does it look like I'm stressin?
Goals http://t.co/ElaZXLRMzI
@ZiggityZaneMANE I can just hear your voice saying this hahah I lol'd
@Tommy_Gun122: @High_imAllie @icantuuu lol we need to do it again sometime! Realist tweet ever
@icantuuu @Tommy_Gun122 lol I will never forget!...even tho I blacked out that night lol.
Squad fulla killers and they all gonna ride
@CurrenSy_Spitta: What's that u wearin baby? A romper? I knew that..... Nice fuckin romper 
I haven't seen my dad since I was in 6th grade but I think my uncle, brother and I are going to go visit him in the virginia penitentiary 
Kinda wanna change the spelling of my name from Allie to Al. I mean it does make more sense seeing how my name is Alejandra
60 more days.
I won't be able to drive again until August 8th 
One time I ate half a bag of flaming hot Cheetos and I woke up in the middle of the night puking and it was red and I thought I was satan
@FemaleStoners: Will you be my stoner? http://t.co/NlQgeWHoqN THIS
i act like shit dont phase me...inside it drives me crazy
we dont shame flowers for being too short or too tall, too red or too yellow....why do we shame people?
also got my nails did ppretty so i can flip off the select few administrative people who expelled me....im still bitter as FUCK
Got my nails did so I can keep my pimp hand strong http://t.co/pU7HXKp6j3
Happy birthday!  @alana23amazing
Devil in a new dress  http://t.co/JieaVV7dYP
@ZiggityZaneMANE the cap is still on it and its still refrigerated so hopefully some1 will fuckin eat it before it gets to that stank point
@ZiggityZaneMANE don't think twice about how long it's actually been in there 
@ZiggityZaneMANE  lmao do you check the expiration date every time you boutta consume something? For most people, no, so I'm hoping they
What would I do without Tifanee...
@ZiggityZaneMANE  it's so nasty man I'm just waiting for someone to eat some of it lmao
There's yogurt in my house thats been spoiled for over a month but I'm keeping it in there bc the ppl I live w need to be punished
I love her so much and that's why it hurts so bad
She said to pack my bags daawg, and never look back
Your opinions ain't shit bitch
People ain't shit
So in about 8 weeks when she leaves, it's goodbye again and I don't want to say bye but sometimes things just don't work out I guess
I wanted to move to Colorado with my mom but I don't think I can anymore. Things just aren't the same between us
Love my mom but our time is over. We ain't supposed to be together anymore I've realized that this past 5 weeks.
About to tell these motherfuckers how it is
My god...look at this woman. Look how beautiful she is. She has been through all kinds of bullshit in http://t.co/p8rVebVqnG
Kinda sad I couldn't be at school. Never thought I would say that
My life been the shit ever since I stopped trying to impress people
There's something keeping me awake right now..I don't know what it is but I don't like this feeling
I would rock the fuck out of some bottom grillzzzz
Off my little rant tho lol
No lol like I really hate to be bitter about a bitch that don't mean shit but damn she annoys me
Man this bitch just thinks she above everyone else and I HATE that shit. Fucking humble yourself hoe
\"I appreciate your business and look forward to receiving your payment soon. Thank you.\"  lol I'd look forward to 2k too 
AFTER PARTY W MY HITTAS, SLUMBER PARTY W YO BITCH
Sellin cocaine when the cell phone raaang
10 gold chains, wood grain, propaaaane
So I got the bill from my lawyer today..
\"Boy are you a cat because you've ignored all my attempts to earn your love and affection\"
People run from rain but will sit in a bath tub full of water. Just think about that.
Do male twins have the same size dick that's the real question
3 out of every 4 people got me fucked up
I never fucked anybody over In my life that didn't have it coming to them
My mama said you just a conniving ass lil dawgggg
Pop some champagne in the tub just because
I still can't believe we are like halfway through the year
\"That party last night was awfully crazy I wish we taped it\" 
Like seriously she's been talking to me for like 2 and a half hours about stuff I don't give two flying mother fucks about
If this bitch doesn't shut the fuck up ...
Outside sun bathing, listening to Jhene aiko AND there's dudes outside working out? Life is good
I won't ever crawl before anyone. Stand tall
@IY_drake32: I got love for you but not enough to be chasing you
One big school full of fake bitches
I like having friends and people to chill and hangout with, but I always feel so damn lonely after they're gone
\"Can you love me\" \"...after I roll this blunt\"
Hit the blunt then hit you up
It's always sad when you smoke your last bowl
I always embarrass myself
I follow way too many basketball fans on here
Tired and annoyed
Maybe you should go fuck yourself
Woke up sleazy
Woke up sleazy
Omg I love Austin haha he's such an intelligent and funny person
Heavy heavy heavy on my grizzle 
This bitch is lucky I'm on probation 
@LibE2012: Little gestures would be nice, so I can see that you still notice me
Omg Geoff is so cute  

Fire this Nina like it's her first day on the job and the bitch overslept
Awww omg ...#happy
You're better than what you think you are. Treat yourself kindly
Hate my life because this woman said 'hey honey' and I said yeah? Lmao wasn't even talking to me
@austinTDnash nice lol moms is going to Colorado
@austinTDnash that's so strange! Coincidence? Perhaps lol where are they going?
House without parents until June 2nd this will be nice 
Tat my name on you so I know it's real
@MrsSinning511 well I guess the whole protection thin makes sense too lol hopefully I will have extra money sometime and get it done 
@MrsSinning511 lol makes sense I suppose but it gives you a reason to be in the nude hahaha
@JetlifeLee fine w me 
@MrsSinning511 lol I want to! Does it hurt?
@JetlifeLee you can stalk me any day  lmao 
@icantuuu  that's what I was thinking but had to make sure lol
Need to get the nips pierced lol is that tmi
Snapchat wit my titties on it   @ItsTifanee
I love everyone I work with. I love my bosses. Work is a lot nicer when you don't dread the people your around
Aw Brian came into my work today  him and his pretty green eyes, my favvv 
#blondemoment
That day wasn't filled with smart decisions to say the least
So I took a fork and put it in the toaster and I was reminded you should not do that.
One time I layed a poptart on it's side in the toaster and I couldn't get it out and I didn't wanna be burned..
@austinTDnash lol he did me dirty
I hate people who feel the need to post thee ugliest pics of me on social media lol. Come on broskiiiii why you gotta do me like dat
@BrotherDusty: Don't let the man get you down
Road to recovery bitches
AA tonight was actually alright. I kinda enjoyed being around people who are going through some tough shit too. Not alone out here
I have a good soul I swear
My lawyer told me that I make him nervous lol.
not picture perfect, but worth the picture still
Where the fuck am I gonna live after my mom moves halfway across the country
I wanna cry but I just did my eye make up 
One time when my brother was attacking me, my dog was jumping on him trying to help me and that makes my heart happy. He was a good dog.
I miss mr keisling
@TheLSDGod omgggg you're perfect
The universe keeps getting bigger and we keep getting smaller
HOE SHUT UP
wahhhh im a fucking good person lol
when i was in jail no one loved me enough to bail me out
Enjoying life I guess http://t.co/c7GDVUiPmV
Kinda wanna die
@UberFacts: Dog food lid backwards is dildo of God.
Happy birthday @MrsSinning511 !!
Jiggy like Madonna, trippy like nirvana  sorry for the #selfie http://t.co/SpUambibyZ
Drinking, smoking, plottin, schemin, plottin, schemin, smoking...get money
Well fuck
Y'all suck
I really new to see my lawyer for like .5 seconds today come on lol someone help meh 
Someone from Kokomo come pick me up

Geoff is great and I can't wait to see him again. That is all.
Ugh now I'm sad lol why did I just do that to myself
Sometimes I miss my dog so much that I really do just wanna cry all day he was my friend and protected me and loved me and was always there
Matt in his black dress clothes and red tie &gt;&gt;&gt;  love meeee pls
Hella single
Let's chill in a hippie van
With the illegality of psychedelics, what freedom do we really have? Everything is oppressed
So happy I didn't have to get up at the ass crack of dawn to go to work this morning
Bored someone text me #thirsttrap
@alana23amazing I miss you so much! One day we WILL reunite
 shots fired
It's a control system
It's just a book someone made up to keep you from doing what you want
@alana23amazing you're pretty and cute and beautiful always
Ya know, for living with some mfs who only eat healthy all the time, I find it pretty uncanny that my nachos are gone
Jk I'll be passed out sleeping hard in like 2 hours
I wanna get fucking twisted tonight  
Getting real tired of my own bullshit lol.
Getting real tired of this bullshit
Lmao Alex was talking to me for like 10 minutes and I didn't even know it.
I miss my dog 
Options 
The bible really oppresses women a shit ton
\"I already got a Facebook friend request from the dad is that weird?\" 
Ugly and I'm proud
Just a #selfie ya bish. Is you wit it ya bish?  http://t.co/KXbehm27jD
I want hippie friends to listen to fleetwood mac w me and vibeee
Pretty new homemade ring Amanda made me  http://t.co/Rw8z2Hd96z
AHS
Being lonely is better than settling for less than what I deserve
Monday chillin so let me take a #selfie http://t.co/Qlw2RLKWV9
@MrsSinning511 it's okay I literally only hit a bowl like one and a half times. Wasn't shit but ugh I know I just outta stop all together 
Damn I'm really suppose to be keeping my system clean  fuck it
What a beautiful storm this is
Lmao Choncho
I work way too much and way too hard for how little I'm being paid. Not to mention I only got paid 4.25 for 24 hours with no tips. Fucked 
And then having to walk home after all day of working.. I'm irritated as fuck 
It's really fucking sucks that I worked 12 hours today making 4.25 and my tips don't even break what I should've got if it was 7.25 
It's gonna be a good day because I found a dollar in the parking lot. Dolla makes me holla.
Damn. I hate when I get my times confused and show up to work 30 minutes early 
I'm so depressed looking at these old photos 
Never rat on your friends and always keep your mouth shut.

I need a moon watching companion
\"Dont watch tv\" - the person who spends 8 hours a day on the internet
Everyone at work thinks I'm sweet and innocent lol. I could tell them some stories but I'll just let them think that 
Tired and hungry
What a wonderful thing it is to only have school for three hours so I can enjoy this weather 
@CurrenSy_Spitta: #jetlounge tonight.... Come thru and count bottles hahaha
Why did I move in with her again?
Man my mom pisses me off
Awww zach took me home after work today and waited until I got inside to leave   how fucking sweet is that. He's such a sweet person.
He's a beast, he's a dog, he's a motherfucking problem..ok your a goon but what's a goon to a goblin?
Once I graduate, all I will have to do is complete a drug and alcohol program and my felony will be reduced to a misdemeanor 
Hopefully if I can get 12 hours of school this week and take my test on Saturday, I'll be completely done with school 
John Lennons Imagine will always make me tear up
Imagine all people, living for todayy
They lucky I even show up to some fake shit like that
Anyways. I'm really perturbed that I'm being forced to go to aa meetings. I'm not an alcoholic damn it..I don't drink like that 
Lmao just tweeted at myself.
I did some things but that's the old me
Let me tell ya about a girl I know, she like hip hop and rock n roll
About that time again
@CapsCop: @High_imAllie needs to learn how to use their indoor voice. I WILL NOT CONFORM
REVENGE OF THE FIFTH
I wish I was a teenager in 1969
Vibing and dancing for 40 minutes was the best thing I've done all day
I have a new favorite band 
It's important to dance and sing sometimes
It's our time nigga
Gotta find out what sinister meanings are behind my dreams today at some point
Damn I had such awful dreams last night. Poltergeists, spiders, and rape 
Black dude told me I was thuggin haha no one can stop me
There's like...really attractive men I work with at Applebee's haha I'm never quitting that job.
@DJalwaysfaded: I am a hermit
I probably won't ever hide the dark circles under my eyes because the world needs to know I'm tired of it's shit and I'm ready to kill a man
I'd hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, and insanity, but they've always worked for me
Love the feeling of knowing I worked really hard today. Hate the feeling I have in my feet from working and running around all day. Worth it
Went in at 915 this morning had an hour break and just got off. 'Twas a money making day
It's gonna be a long mf day.
Just fell in love brb
There is a special place in hell for me and it's called the throne 
Lmao
I'll see you in heck
@TrillSmith_ that's what I was thinking, I mean it's already may, c'mon now. Thanks!
First day at the new job was a success working a double tomorrow 
Has everyone got back their tax returns? #replytweet
Gotta do my hair, gotta put on make up, gotta act like I care about this fake stuff straight up what a waste of my day
It's not fair  I don't deserve that shit I gave him everything I fucking could even when I didn't have anything.
Pissed off because I always did everything for that dude and he spits on me
Getting pretty pissed that I still haven't got my money. How can Austin say he's waiting on his tax return but still go out and buy drugs. 
Lmao! Speak of the devil
It's funny to me how some people think they know everything lmao. I sure as hell don't and I'm not afraid to admit that. Least I'm not fake.
Bro you seem so awesome you wanna smoke a joint w me?:)
I need the end of May and Geoff
@isaiah_phipps lmao well as long as you can realize that you're fine  
99 red balloons 
@isaiah_phipps still act immature ya know:p I hate that
@isaiah_phipps oh forsure! Nothing wrong w partying n shit but I'm talking more about maturity levels and how some ppl get out of school but
Sorry I'm not sorry
Like I met this dude and he's 24 and he's sweet and everything but he acts like a freshman and I can't deal w that ish
If you're out of high school, you should probably stop acting like a high school student. Growing up sucks but we all have to do it.
Most of y'all who carry glocks prolly too afraid to pull the trigger
Texting is overrated and it's not as heartfelt as a handwritten letter. Fact
rainbowsandfood: Literally my favorite vine of all time   http://t.co/KfuYX72nO9 here it is guys you need to watch this
Idk man you just gotta watch it. Tumblr is the best website ever def my favorite
Just watched the funniest vine of all time. This lady got a coupon for 2 free tacos and she literally screams bloody murder \"yes!!\"
I need to start proof reading
Fucking up tweets since 2011
My mom likes her bf and his daughter more than me lol not even kidding 
I get looked down upon for asleep in until 11:30 today yet my moms bf and his daughter can nap all day? Something isn't fair here
@a_marie2356: Lmao I'm such a screw up
Feeling perturbed.
New connect 
You go glen cocoa #10years
\"Fuck community college lets get drunk and eat chicken fingers\" wtf
I need ink on my body
First day of work Friday 
Met thee cutest stoner today 
Turn your phone off and find the moon
I'm gonna get a pet bunny, house train it like a cat and call him smith :) 
So tell me, what's the point of kik
I've been listening to Spanish music all morning and I'm pretty sure I fell in love with Romeo Santos 
Letting Jhene aiko serenade me to sleep   whys she so perfect
Love the smell of the coffee right now but I'm about to throw the fucking coffee maker out the door it's annoying the shit out of me. Omfg
Lmao wtf just happened
Don't really know how to feel right now I don't like this
@telishalasha omg yaaaaas!! text meh sometime girll 7655136061 
I miss you:( @JetlifeLee
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BBG  @telishalasha
Damn I really need to start making friends
alot of us actually
i think god owes me an apology
united we stand, divided we fall
cant say i didn't try
im really starting to like the band sticky fingers. especially how to fly by them
@DRAAKARMAN @OrNahhTweets you dont have to tell me man i know cops are dicks lol ive had my fair share of jail time due to those bastards
in the jungle, the mighty jungle, the lion sleeeeps tonighttt
seriously @_hannahkristine is the best guys &lt;3 keeping me company and what not what a great person she is
im more bat shit crazy than ozzy tonight
@DRAAKARMAN @OrNahhTweets wtf bro chill out
Lmfao that was uncalled for
So your body is like what, 65% water? Well guess what I'm thirsty bitch 
11:11 I wish a nigga would
do you remember pieces of flair and bumper stickers on facebook? el oh el
its just me and netlix tonight
wahhhh
i wish i could find someone as lonely as me
You could say I like to flirt with the devil
I've been hurt so bad and I still love so hard. I admire my heart for that
There is nothing worse than having your license suspended
@ItsTifanee ohhh lol right. I need a tanning package again. I got the job at Applebee's today :)
@ItsTifanee: I guess I'm going to have to get another tanning package  hate you lol 
You knew shit was about to go down when you saw this on Disney channel http://t.co/OZAdABJxTS
Just watched @FreddieGibbs ig video of the real life cocaine pinata lol that's awesome
@_hannahkristine Hannah YOUR cute! I miss you so much!! 
@telishalasha lol it's a shame really 
Grilled cheese sandwiches are the most underrated sandwiches
Will do bad things for a grilled cheese
Your fucking w a bitch who don't give a fuck, empty the clip then roll the window up
And in that moment I swear I still didn't give a shit
Just got done pulling some shit out of my ass for my Applebees interview and they hired me then and there lol shweet. Orientation Wednesday!
Kinda want to get my tongue pierced el oh el
May not be the skinniest or the prettiest but you can't tell me I don't have nice hair http://t.co/f7cwKV4kcQ
Ain't no wifey  http://t.co/EVXIWbp73r
Romeo Santos  holy
@ItsTifanee I love youuu!:)
So happy I got to see my babe @ItsTifanee today  it's been so long! Wish you don't have to leave come back sometime soon! 
Been spending most of life living in the gangsta's paradise
Haven't smoked in a week
Smoke weed drink juice
Lol why do you have sunglasses on it is night time.
WATCHING FROZEN FOR THE FIRST TIME 
Another job interview on Tuesday!
I hate it when this girl talks to me about my mom like she knows her better than me. Bitch I have seen every side of my mom. I know her
@MrsSinning511 I just called them and they freaking moved it 
WHERE IS EVERYBODY
I'm at this church for my AA meeting and it starts at 10 and there's no one here. Wtf
I get weird feelings from this house sometimes. I just woke up freaking out so I'm just gonna stay up. 
What should I watch on netflix?
im not an alcoholic yet im going to my first AA meeting tomorrow  :|
LMFAO in 2009 I made a Facebook status saying \" I fell off the bus today. Fml\" hahahaha wtf Allie
Fuck that bitch that you love so bad, I know you still think about the times we had
