Boss: are you on drugs?  \nMe: you and me both know I don't make enough to afford a drug problem.
If you don't have your read receipts on, I don't trust you.
Where them bars doe?
Can I just give up?
I'm officially 136 in weight, haven't weight this much! #motivated
I'm ready to gain this weight!
Theses workouts got me sore as shit, but no pain no gain
Just got a gym membership, I'm getting into shape and about to put on some weight by Christmas!
Eventually everything gets better right?
Just keep trying you aren't gonna get to me, I pay you no attention.
Happy birthday bro! @True_Yanez3
I've been up since 8 and have gotten drunk already, it's nap time. Lmao
Selling my infiniti g35 2003, let me know if interested
I really need to gain weight.... How though...
@krystalleebabyy I'm down, let me get a lot of the shit that's been happening to me caught up and I will down to get drunk!
@krystalleebabyy I love you too Krystal. Thanks.
There hasn't been a day yet for the past two weeks that something bad hasn't happen to me.
It sucks to know after everything you of all people will steal from me.
But I mean oh well, things happen right?
So my lab top and 50 inch tv got stolen today....
Getting my car tomorrow and couldn't be more satisfied!
@ChimpChimp93 just# text me?
@catttttwilliams you suck. Lol
I am about to disappear, so this is my last weekend hanging out.
I'm ready to add to my tattoo, but idk where to go to get it done
@brianatoledo22 best decision I've made so far!
Coming home after a double to bud light platinum is the best thing!
Everyday is a new day, and I'm blessed to see each one.
But hey drunk nights are always interesting. Not a bad night
No doubt about it, last night was interesting. 
Just had to let that out, since you care about your job so MUCH
I could be an ass and call you out for hanging out with a worker below you since your a \"manager\" now. But I'm not an asshole like that
@marijuanaBabyy when are we getting drunk together?
The perfect job for me, would be traveling around and tasting alcoholic drinks. 
It's funny how everything plays out..
Taco Bell from last night is not settling well anymore. 
You know it's bad when I don't even want to go home anymore
Who's coming with me to get crawfish from razzoos?
Cali ain't ready for us today @CookChelsea
Yesterday starts my 9 days straight of being drunk of every night, gonna be easy since I'll be in Cali for 6 days
You care or nahh? LMAO @CookChelsea
Well that's that.
I'm seriously over this!
Fuck this shit, I need to run
I want crawfish!
This snow has to go, all the bars are closing and it's Friday. 
Some food, a bottle of rumbleminze and some beer, that's a good Friday to me!
Tonight fucking sucked, I am ready for the weekend!
I put a box of cereal in the fridge and the milk in the cabinet. I need sleep...
@_CallieMiller text me so we can.
@_CallieMiller you still have my number?
@_CallieMiller that explains why I haven't seen you. Lol we need to go eat soon
@_CallieMiller pretty great lately, I went to chicken express and thought of you.
@_CallieMiller how you been?
I just want a car again....
Crashed my car, I been without it one day and this is a problem.
I slept a total of 3 hours why am I still awake, I hate not being able to sleep.
@love_pattyv oh lord, that dick she got last night must not have filled her up.
I don't got no type, broke bitches is the only thing I don't like.
I want to try a new bar but idk where.
@JessStephGon I know but it's really bad lately, I am depressed and I constantly drink
@JessStephGon yes it's true. -.-
First AA meeting next week, I need this help.
