Val took me on a date last night at la trade tech . . They were hosting an empowerment ceremony to encourage minorities to go back to school
Time to make these lazy monkey breakfast 
I'm just glad they didn't take his monkey looking ass in . Even though there's days where I wish he would leave me alone that's my nigguh 
Is it just a coincidence  . . Val's gets pulled over Sunday night &amp; I get pulled over Monday night .
If Valentin doesn't hurry up and smoke that blunt quick I'm going to devour the lasagna on my own !
I am not looking forward to work. .but I gotta make my money 
My fridge is usually filled with beer &amp; the day I want one theirs only milk 
@_hardknocks tell her to give me her secret  lol jk . Tell her I said hi (:
Movie night with my giant
Deje mi casa pa vivir feliz contigo . . Aveces llor muy cerca de las botellas especialmente cuando pienso en ti . . .
Apartments clean and lunch is made nap time for this mama. . .
I hardly ever go to church &amp; this week I've gone twice . Both those days the priest had messages that I know where for me .
My papa and brother got me beautiful roses 
@_NanaDGAF thank you nana banana 
@BeautifulDISS_ I love you (:
These love birds are finally married  http://t.co/evvZYPRKlR
@steph0615_ hahah me voy a limpiar con los bxers de Valentn 
There's no more toilet paper Ohhh noo 
@BeautifulDISS_ cheer up fea 
Papa brought me home with him and is begging me not to go back to my home
So excited for Friday 
But I know were all out here doing our thing and we can't just drop what were doing to go rescue someone from there misery lol
&amp; when things get hectic I wish my girls werent busy to go out for girls day out
People make it seem like marriage is easy , let me tell you shit gets hectic sometimes 
@UnaMajestad I know how you feel . I love the relationship my brother and I have but sometimes he's a pain in the ass
@UnaMajestad so cute !
Momma smacked me because I said eww we look alike !
Why I am so freaking stupid ? 
Im off early today  but im going to be stuck at home
I think I'm getting sick 

@steph0615_ ugh :/ I know .
@steph0615_ I'm always available !! 
With baby girl at the doctors 
When you see someone's baby daddy at this time with a random ass chick . Let me take a picture real quick 
I love that I have two men that love me unconditionally
I love how protective my papa and brother get 
I love how protective my papa and brother get 
When my mom gives me roses 
Feels good but then again makes me feel like I should bust my ass harder so I can give him money instead of him giving me some
Even though I'm Valentin's responsibility now he still gives me an allowance .
My papa is the cutest !
@BeautifulDISS_ one day one day (:
Another alone night for me , Marie's sleeping with grandma tonight . If only I had friends who weren't busy :/ or lived near by .
Marie got back from the park all dirty so we showered together &amp; she's staring at me all weird and goes \"mommy where's your poo poo\"
My moms cute I was complaining  about not being able to go out with friends like val does and she says \"a mi nunca me has dicho q salgamos\"
I seriously need friends who can go out on walks with me or do something relaxing
Valentin took Marie out do I can have alone time and guess what I've done so far clean up my entire apartment .
Maybe it's my grandpas way of telling me he misses me , or that he's disappointed in me and I need to flip my life around completely
Each detail from that day just keep replaying in my head . .
Woke up at 5 thinking about my grandpa . . And the day the accident happened and it's driving me insane
Poppas getting me new seeing glasses because each day my visions getting worse 
10 please get here already this mama can use a warm shower and some good night sleep
This 30 min break felt like 3 minutes 
Doing a little romantic thang for my hardworking ugly monkey looking ass fianc tonight 
I shall make both lmfao .
But at the same time some pasta :/
Craving tinga !
Celebrating my grandmas birthday 
When you know the exact pain someone's feeling because you went thru the same exact thing 
@uglyasseddiee disappointed in you
Everytime I need to do errands I'm put in hold because other peoples shit comes before my shit
Smoked a Lexus right now 
I've been having a headache since Thursday  pain killers only take it a way for tops an hour and it comes back
We'll more like he tried eating it but we took it away
Everyone that knows my dad knows he's a fool ! He said ima give my baby's money , have Marie 20 and our DOG 10 . Our dog chewed up the $$ 
When my loved ones are blessed my little heart gets super happy 
@TheSpanishVines: Alguien se comio su torta  https://t.co/YVtzBDhPkO me when val eats my food
Everytime Valentin takes the car and I'm broke I'm stuck at home craving all types of shit 
He likes my idea of getting my stomach tattooed
I told my brother , let's go get tattoos and he goes why do we need to go get condoms !
I think I'm going to go to church and speak to a priest
And im not even joking about that .
Please give me all the strength to get through this
I want carne asada Nachos 
When val and I go together we run around and slide down the slides with our baby .
If you take your kids to the park it's to play with them not to be on your phone or making out or what not
His parents were so busy making out . . But when they saw he was playing with Marie and I the mom decides to get him all mad
Yesterday while at the park with Marie a little boy started following Marie and I around
Blah whatever .
Brakes my heart . . I know he's always wanted a family . . . And know that this chick found out she's pregnant she's aborting. .
Que le digo a mi corazn cuando me pregunte algn da por ti
You know what your getting yourself into when you have unprotected sex so why when you find out your pregnant act all surprised ?
I have 4 baskets full of clean laundry . . I do not want to put any if it away 
I told Marie if she was good today id take her to the park &amp; she said \"no buy me a donut\" Fatass child of mine
After a whole weekend of not wearing my ring , I realized I missed the heavy little rock 
My legs are in fire and my bones hurt :/
I wish it was easy for my close friends and I to hang , but I understand we are all moms and we have our own responsibilities
I admit I'm a stubborn and complicated young lady . I don't even understand myself sometimes .
I've missed out on so many family events because my selfish coworker never wants to cover me yet I always go out my way and cover he r
This is when I wish I had a mon- fri job not fri - sun :/
My cousins engagement party was so elegant yet simple , makes sence ?
Marie peed in the toilet yesterday while I was at work !
All my family is at my cousins engagement party and I'm over here going to work :/
I'm one happy mommy , I can take my time to get ready for work today . Usually I have 1hr to get Marie , val and myself ready .
You have to remember that people are not always going to be as kind hearted as yourself .
I just embarrassed myself I front of my coworker lmfao
In on one hour of sleep , with a headache stomach pain and in a fucked up attitude 
I've been awake all night and I have work in a few hours 
I'm hungry 
@BeautifulDISS_ give her headphones 
@BeautifulDISS_ thanks love , I busted texted you to the app thingy
Of course Marie's asleep I won't ever cry infront of her
I've been super overwhelmed with everything that I have going on right now that I just had to lay in bed and cry my heart out
My plan was to save 200 from this fat ass check I got and now it's all freaking gone 
@UnaMajestad you should go to a spa and get a massage . Maybe that will relax you for a little
@UnaMajestad omg daisy be careful Hun! Hope your okay , get some rest and drink lots of water
@UnaMajestad you and me honey :/ when I stress out I get really bad anxiety attacks
You just don't do that in front of my mom , that's disrespectful to her and I'm sure it emotionally affects her
First she got some handcuff and put Marie in them as a time out so now when I tell her she's getting time out she put her hands behind her
My sister has been teaching Marie some stupid ass crap these past few weeks
If the pain gets stronger I'm going to have to rush to the hospital in a taxi with Marie :/
Just thinking about the way I'm treated by certain individuals brakes my heart but it sucks that it's beyond difficult to walk alway 
I told her im picking the babies names because of the sacrifice I've been doing for her lmfao 
One of my friends is about 2 1/2 months and I've been having all the nauseas and cravings
And this time I better not be the one getting all your symptoms it's not cute :/
I had a dream I was pregnant . . . That means one of my girls is expecting !
Val pissed me off last night so I made him sleep on the floor .
I swear my coworkers love me I get to work and they offer me food 
@XoBonBonXo take it ! And let me know all about it (:
Because I've been thinking about forever 
Told my friend I woke up feeling horrible and she had the nerve to thank me for getting  all her pregnancy symptoms  
@UnaMajestad I can totally see you doing that , chase your dreams while your young love !
I worry too much at times
Why am I starving at this hour 
Si yo fuera ladrn me robara tu besos . . me robara tus carsimas. . .  me robara tu cuerpo
@HoyCrystal i even have family that's like that :/
When you've been living on your own for a year and you come sleep over at your parents you will miss your own place
@BeautifulDISS_ this calls for a spa day ! Let's go lol
It's 2am , called my brother and told him I was hungry so he comes home with a hamburger , chilli cheese fries and beer  he loves me
My cousin gets married next month ! I'm excited for her 
I love that my brother spoils me !
With that said my new car and myself are freaking beautiful &amp;&amp; if you disagree kiss my hairy ass 
Confidence makes anything and anyone beautiful!
God decided today was the day to bless us ! Thank you from my little family 
@steph0615_ Marilyn and I are going wed ! Idk if you want to join us
To expand my vocabulary and I'm going to start reading books
Valentin told me I need to be on the same academic level as him so we can conquer the world together so I'm buying myself a dictionary
Someone bring me sweets to work 
I just want to stay in bed tonight .
@BeautifulDISS_ feel better chula 
Marie just told me I'm not her mom , that grandma is her mom and she's going to go live with her  she hates me 
I have a horrible headache and I have to clean my house so all these cleaning products are going to make the headache worse 
So this time around ima take a big breather and hope he has something magical planned out for my family and I .
A sign in which he tells me I've been distant with him , or that I'm not trusting him with his plans .
Usually when things start going downhill for me I begin to question why god is abandoning me &amp; then he sends me a sign
@BeautifulDISS_ :/
I spent a whole day with my mother in law and I'm proud to say we didn't end up beating each others ass 
I hate how people will talk crap because I usually leave them hanging I am a mother and have ins of things to do sorry you don't understand
@steph0615_ does it matter if the pills I have are natural ? Lol my mom got me some that are \"healthy \"
Fuck you anxiety
Someone please give me anxiety pills ::
My mom is always sending me heart touching text messages  glad I have her with me safe and sound
Just when we gave up on looking for a car the dealers where we like the cars the most are calling us back !! 
@BigGus525 we had got a bomb deal at Hyundai but val didn't want to agree with 390 payments and in the end when we wanted it they said no
@BigGus525 we did but since we are first time buyers the apr is way to high . We were looking at 25.99
No need to take your anger off on me , all this car searching has both of us beat .

Maybe it's true sometimes you have to let go of your pride and ask someone for a bit of help:/
This is so disappointing and stressing :/
@_hardknocks boba time on marine and western
Can't wait to show you guys our baby !
But I'm very glad we found what we wanted , isn't the car I dreamed of but for a start it's our perfect family car :)
These past two days that we were trying to find a car we qualify for without a cosigner made me break out nasty lol
We found our car !!!
@MINISouthBay do you guys have a first time buyers program?
Crossing my fingers
Car shopping is so stressing , all these numbers
@steph0615_ lol i got all scared and thought of Marie since she slept at my moms
@steph0615_ dude I have this ugly feeling in my chest cal scared the crap out of me :/
All of a sudden homie ! Veta a la pura verga
All this cleaning so tomorrow when I'm out car searching I don't have to worry about my chores 
The good thing is my moms a big help and kept Marie for the night . Love that old fart
Then I have to make a late dinner for Valentin
Got off work came straight home and I've been picking up and disinfecting everything
A mothers job is never completely done .
I'm so sleepy 
I can hear my heart beat 
This is exactly why I hate not having a car . You gotta beg people for rides .
@UnaMajestad thanks you hopefully everything goes as planned .
Now I want a Malibu  there's so many nice ass cars .
Since he said no to my silverado or camaro 
Val's taking me car searching on Monday , I got my top 3 Kia optima , Toyota Camery or Honda Accord
@_hardknocks happens to me with every dam pay check ! It all goes to bills , diapers and wipes lol
Sorry guys I had to vent
I'm emotionally broken because of her dad yet I'm still living with him because u put her feelings before mine. So don't talk!
So don't fucking come and tell me I don't lover her . Because id give up my life for my daughter . Take a million bullets for her
I swear my dads friends annoying , talking about Marie your mom doesn't love you. Bitch I sacrifice so much for my child
Why am I feeling so lazy today ?
I just want to sleep lol
Shitting it big time ! 
@BeautifulDISS_ or try chipotle
@BeautifulDISS_ go work with me !!
@BeautifulDISS_ why thank you darling 
I always seat at this time and I don't gain weight wtf , I want to pick up t least 10 more pounds
@XoBonBonXo what's wrong :/
I seriously need a mani , everytime I'm about to go some shot pops up
I bought some high waisted jeans and I thought I would look wierd since my butts tiny but I actually think I look good
Parents are the only ones that will honestly comfort you and support you with your decisions no matter how wrong you are .
Broke out of my comfort zone and opened up to mama . Sometimes your too embarrassed to talk to them about your problems
I don't think I believe in love anymore because I fell out of love .  Diez that make me bitter ?
I reached the point where I know I only love my parents , siblings and daughter .
Why is it that bad luck follows us . I feel as if this one person wished bad upon us ! 
Getting dolled up for tonight
After all he's put me through a deserve a car a new house and bazillion stacks of money !!
We were so post to shop equally today but guess who came home with almost a hundred bags . . . Me! Fuck it I deserve to be spoiled by him
I swear my coworkers love me ;)
That mahi mahi tostada made me even sleepier 
It's Friday and I'm trying to get my drink on after work , any takers ?
Playing lullabies for my baby helps her fall asleep quicker and it relaxes my mind . Marie's knocked out and snoring like her dad
Craving some Buchanans while hearing the Banda play !
Marie's it's beyond past your bedtime .
@steph0615_ amen to that (; I swear I felt like a baby
I can honestly say that my moms my right hand . I'm glad her and I are close because in times like these she's the only one by my side
She let me cry in her arms today&amp; that's when I knew everything was going to be okay. Best mommy ever  http://t.co/ysFM7Buxm2
Me: Marie let's go \nMarie: ok mommy I'm coming 
\"Cheating on a girl will only lead to her crazy friends coming after you who will help her do crazier shit  https://t.co/CnBIFwk3sy
Sad sad sad
I think to much but I don't take action when it comes to this certain topic :/
I'm such a selfless person , I always put my daughters feelings before mine. I rather hurt myself than to see her hurting which can be bad 
@UnaMajestad I was at st. Joseph's around that time and I didn't see you
Just because food is my weakness doesn't mean I'm forgiving you
Val and I have been upset with each other for a while so yesterday he came home with 2 boxes of Krispy Kreme donuts and some hot choclate
@steph0615_ marie said she calls flower girl at your guys wedding lol
I think I'm getting myself a Kia optima 2013 (;
You gotta be your own team because when it comes down to it no one got you like you got yourself 
Anyone want to going me ?
Paydays tomorrow I'm forsure getting my acrylic gel mani 
My mommy always knows how to make me feel better , I love that old fart 
My mommy always knows how to make me feel better , I love that old fart 
I swear I want to chop your fucking head off bitch 
Little does he know his ass is taking me shopping 
Val's chore was to clean the house today but since I'm a nice girlfriend I'm doing it
@BeautifulDISS_ give her a big hug and kissy from Marie and I 
I miss Marie when I'm away from her but once she starts throwing those tantrums I wish I was back at work . God give me patience
@BeautifulDISS_ little nasty butt
I hate walking Grrr
My manager sends me to the store for   A bag of garlic &amp; I come back and he's like that's not enough
I hope that this little idea I gave val actually occurs .
Honey and I both have Monday and Tuesday off , excited for family time
I want some rain boots !
Only thing I dislike about living in apartments is sharing the laundry room . Bitched be hogging the washer
@HoyCrystal at least your not a block away from the beach :/ lol I'm freezing at work
Can it be 8 already I'm sleepy
When someone mentions someone from the past to you , and you just freeze . Yeah that just happen to me 
You want to talk to someone on my pone yet your calling and leaving me dirty messages . Grow up , drama Queen
I have to pick up val at 1230 and it's raining :/ I hate driving in the rain
@BigGus525 I have no idea why she's so wierd 
Marie swears she's a puppy ! She won't listen to her name but she'll listen when I say come here puppy 
@_NanaDGAF let's plan a date I miss those monkies 
@steph0615_ just not when I'm driving please lol
My tummys been acting up for the pay few weeks 
Surround yourself with people who will be a positive influence on you
@BigGus525 tell me about it
@XoBonBonXo that's what you get for not inviting me 
@BeautifulDISS_ 
@UnaMajestad I swear people who envy you will try and make others believe your so low to try and make themselves feel powerful
@UnaMajestad does our phone have to be on lte or 4g ?
I haven't brought all these nigguhs around my child and made her confuse about who her dad is
Ohh and let me include I haven't had all those abortions as we'll so before you call me a hoe let's get shit straighten out
Bitchs will call me a hoe funny thing is I haven't change baby daddy 100 times like you ! I been loyal to mine for almost 4 years
@steph0615_ se me acaba de hacer agua la boca 
Trying to get rami to do his homework is a mission !
Forced val to take me home because I forgot my ring lol
My tummy hurts :(
The way I pay my sister for babysitting , cash, mc flurry and cookies . We have so many fat people in our family
The weather kind of screwed up our plans , what else do normal couples do on Friday nights lol
Werrk is so slow 
Going on a date with ugly ass Valentino tonight 
Something in my stomach keeps moving , maybe I have worms like my moms said  or maybe my Fatass is still hungry 
Im about to go for my dam tacos
I want tacos from taco dollar
Trying to use The restroom but your 2 year old keeps bugging 
I just broke Val's pipe , I'm dead meat guys 
Apparently this mama still has game some guy bought Marie cookies because u didn't have change on me 
When someone who dislikes you calls you to ask to borrow money and when you say no because your broke they get all mad and offended
@steph0615_ lmfao , I thought he was smarter 
This fool said there's no nacho cheese hot Cheetos , penndejjjoo !  it's been an hr and he ain't back I'm about to go crazy
Craving hot Cheetos with cheese , like a good boyfriend val went to buy me some
@mommieyoee whole not while
&amp; to top it off I'm home alone because val ditched me &amp; Marie's spending time with my family
My managers cat is seriously a pain in the ass this while week after midnight it starts \"crying like a human\" shits annoying and scary
@BeautifulDISS_ Omg your in la ??
@HoyCrystal you had him already? Omg congrats  can't wait to see him !
My coworkers were amazed that I stop doing what I was doing to help out our dishwasher , you need a hand I got you 
Marie kicked me out the car when they came to drop me off at work #ValAndMarieHateMe
@HoyCrystal it only means your baby's almost out
Playing relaxing music for Marie to fall asleep 
Work is beyond busy ! Thank god I'm almost off
Feeling very uncomfortable at work , someone kidnap me
My coworker seriously wants to get murdered
@HoyCrystal I'm with you on that
@steph0615_  i read that with the Guatemalan accent !
@steph0615_ omg ! That's so funny ! Don't get caught , you know how chapinas get when they are angry
@steph0615_ I can't picture you hiding in your closet lol
Today's therapy session  feels good to speak to a stranger about everything your holding in
I need to stop complaining . It's been 3 years like this .
@_hardknocks you can fight it and you have high chances of winning !
Late night shower 
Even when a moms dying she doesn't get a day off :/ feeling horrible
I hate when they come knock on my door and my daughters still asleep . &amp;they bang like they are the FBI like hello if I don't open go away
Does anyone want to come baby me I woke up with my whole body in pain I can't even move and my toe is throbbing plus I have a nasty cough
Driving with an injured right toe is not as easy as I thought 
I think someone's wishing for me to get injured all day I've been getting hurt and right now I almost broke my toe :/
I need recommendations on a photographer , planning on taking family pictures .
I've been driving my brothers car all day and I'm so in love with it  I think it would be a perfect mom car !
Now I just need to improve that little bad behavior of hers 
I gave my mom , sister and grandma rules for the days they babysit Marie and her sleeping schedule has been improving .
Little Marie is showered had her snack and is now watching a movie , as soon as val gets home I shall take a nice shower 
Got my mom duties done ! House smells like yummy dinner and cleaning  products 
@steph0615_  this lady is driving me crazy everyday she asks me if I'm ready to sign the paperwork
I told her I was going to search her room and if I found condoms I was going to pop holes in them so her and my dad can give me a brother
My mom seriously wants to adopt my daughter , home girl you are still young start making a child of your own 
For 3 days I have had an ugly pain in my ear it feels as if it wants to pop :/
Today I had a long conversation with my self and let me just say we are not happy with where we stand #TimeToMakeSomeChanges
@steph0615_ i detest you right now lol I'm so hungry
Starving at work

I'm craving everything that you can think of !
Sometimes you have to start doing things for yourself because no one else is going to do them
@UnaMajestad it's cute !!
I'm excited that her and daddy are getting married by church (: it's been her dream
Moms all excited about my wedding I think a tad more than myself 
@BigGus525 @_NanaDGAF @BeautifulDISS_ my grandma is more innocent then Adriana 
@BeautifulDISS_ @_NanaDGAF @BigGus525 we'll then I guess were all going to have sushi together so I can try some good one lol
@BeautifulDISS_ @_NanaDGAF @BigGus525 I don't like sushi but I would mind going just to have drinks in your guys honor 
@HoyCrystal moms are a big blessing  my mom would baby me so much after I gave birth
@BeautifulDISS_ lmfao yes gf that's exactly what I meant  ou know me so we'll 
Brushing everything off . What's done is done . Keep it moving . . NEXT 
&amp;&amp; Most definitely don't tell anyone your dirty little secrets
Lesson learned don't trust anyone with your relationship problems because they'll see that as an opportunity to jump in &amp; take your man 
He said I didn't take his feelings into consideration , kick rocks homie  jk lol
Val got butthurt at the fact that I want to leave the country for a while without him.
Psychos these days
Tricked my gf , she thought I was really leaving to Guatemala with Marie ! Pssh I wish I was !
That was embarrassing 
He's going to throw grandpa his 60th bday party &amp; celebrate his 2years of being sober !
After months of being a single parent papa is going on a very we'll deserves vacation 
@steph0615_ val and I love those showers 
Anyone want to do my laundry
And because I've been going crazy Val's spoiling me with my tacos 
Craving some tacos
Sooo over this shit , seriously !
Dime con quien andas y te dir quien eres
Cookies and cream boba with some taiyaki 
@_NanaDGAF no dude I can't over how grimy that shit is

So fucking pissed off
Dammed if I do dammed if I don't
That's some little kid shit .
Seriously 
@UnaMajestad I know (: I appreciate it . I guess it has a lot to do with \"terrible twos \" everyone says it's a phase .
@UnaMajestad lmfao
@UnaMajestad yes mam'
@UnaMajestad I've tried that too . Anything you can think of . Behavior wise she's horrible .
I feel like she hates me when all I have done is love her ! 
I sweet talk her and nothing 
I yell doesn't work. Time out , fail! Spank on the booty things get worse . I scare her and after a few min the tantrums back :/
Last night I cried for 30 min because Marie behaves sooo bad with me and I try and discipline her and nothing works 
Thats it
I'm bad with guys complimenting me . I either laugh or make a joke out of it . Maybe that's why people think I'm a bitch
My coworker said \" you look so much prettier today Yoselin \" I looked at him and said you mean I look prettier and walked away
Y'all like my dancing moves huh  only my snapchat friends know about my dirty secret
I just want to go home 3 more hours of boredom 
Someone bring me a boba to work
This whole week my sleeping schedule has been horrible ! I'm really not in the mood for work I just want to sleeeeepppp 
Oh and I made them take out the trash #LikeABoss
Kicked val and his friend out of my apartment because there conversation was annoying me
And when I'm drunk I'm the biggest clown ever !
I can honestly say I have the ugliest attitude and facial expression but I promise I'm kind hearted if you get to know me
@XoBonBonXo was reminding me how much of a b$&amp;@h I was , and i couldnt help But laugh
@HoyCrystal is it your feet ? Is so lay down and stack up a few pillows and rest your legs on them
Hopefully I can get myself a car of my own soon #BackOnMySavingMode
@BeautifulDISS_ you guys make me so depressed lol in a good way , wish val and I were still like that
I'm just a total mess right now 
I've come to realize that when I'm feeling depressed doing evil things make me feel better
@_NanaDGAF @BeautifulDISS_ @gabbiee_ @LifeWithAlcohol you are a fool !!!
Thinking of an evil plan 
Marie just pulled my sort and bra down and said \"I like your chichis\" what a wierdo 
Lol all of a sudden the whole world loves my mom , fake ass people where were yall when she was behind bars ?
@LifeWithAlcohol @_NanaDGAF lmfao I can totally see you doing that !
My mom went through my phone and I think she saw some things I'm hiding from everyone about Val :/
I had forgot how good it felt to have long conversations with my momma
Imglad my Mommy's back home 
@BeautifulDISS_ hope little mama gets better I will text you in the am to see how she's doing
My moms in la !!!!!
Late night dates with my Suggaaa  @XoBonBonXo
Knowing it's best to leave but being a fool when you hear what you want to hear 
Craving some alcohol !
When someone does something wrong , and they get mad because you found out so they won't speak to you nor apologize . Whatevesss
I think it's best if I disappear and lose contact with everyone for now .
Feeling emotional today
I just cleaned my house yesterday and today I woke up to it looking like a hurricane , Marie can do so much damage :/ lol
I think this is my drunk face lol  http://t.co/DZc8OSTlZg
Today my jobs celebrating there 40th anniversary
I'm really sleepy
@Bryannn8 I think I seen you last night at the mall
After months of not having girl time tonight were going clubbing to celebrate my 21st 
Oh and val said he won't be talking to me for two days let's see how that goes . Just for that he's sleeping in Marie's Minnie house
Last night my neighbor opened his truck and it was loaded with candy , I'm assuming he works for willy wonk 
On the other hand spending time with my girlfriend @BeautifulDISS_ &amp;&amp; the munchkins was amazing 
I would've thought someone would've went out there way for me like I usually do.
What a lame ass day :/
@steph0615_ I was replying to your text and for some reason it won't send I'll send it as soon as my phone stops being dumb
@steph0615_ gracias hermosa !
@_NanaDGAF thanks nana love ya
The birthday video I received from Adriana 
@UnaMajestad thank you darling (:
But it's good to know you have my back unlike my dad 
When Your boyfriends tells you he's going to go deg some girls by the hair so you can f&amp;$k them up  I don't need your help boy ! 
@UnaMajestad the ghetto :/ lol down the street from the hawthorne dmv
I need a babysitter :/
@UnaMajestad I live in a studio apartment
I like that my parents neighbors were trying to loc up on me because it was like 5 of them , but I got me a nice mouth and stood up to them
Not being able to recognize your moms voice until she points the camera at herself 
@UnaMajestad I have great ideas :p
@UnaMajestad you can use Marie as an excuse lol say you being my weekend nani lol
@BeautifulDISS_ let's go to a spa Thursday for my bday lol ( I know I'm such a mom -_-)
Guess my mom isn't getting out for my birthday either 
Guess my mom isn't getting out for my birthday either 
@BeautifulDISS_ try the depo? So far that's the one I like best just because the Nuva ring face me really bad anxiety
@BeautifulDISS_ right . Like what are they worried about it's not them raising the child !
@BeautifulDISS_ Bc?
@BigGus525 I was until my neighbors started banging on the wall .
She's been throwing a tantrum because she wants candy !
I swear my daughter is so bipolar ! It's irritating as he'll
@BeautifulDISS_ thanks love (:
I've been having issues at my own house because I set my house things aside to do my parents household errands / things .
I don't do an errand for someone one day and I'm a bad person . Then they come at me with attitude.
Family can be so ungrateful for the past 3 months I've been doing my moms job without complaining
@_NanaDGAF 
@BeautifulDISS_ brush it off love
I smell a 2 Fatass checks coming my way ! Right on time for my bday .
One more day of work then I can relax , sort of, if Marie's in a good mood
My tummy hurts 
Can it be 8 already I'm super sleep 
@mommieyoee mom
My god momento uploaded a picture of my mom I saw it and got happy that she was home :/
Should've new this was coming :(
@UnaMajestad
Picking out a date for our wedding is hard :/ how do you know which date is perfect .
Babes date hit the spot , Korean BBQ is bomb !
Texted my dad saying it's almost my bday and he goes I just won $1000 , hey you know that all for me ;) sike :,(
@UnaMajestad sounds like a great idea ! Let me talk to my dad and see if we can do a dinner and drinks at there place.
@UnaMajestad I do want to get shit faced tho !
@UnaMajestad I don't know what to do  since it's a Monday .
&amp;&amp;I he said we are talking about \"the wedding date\" how do you decided that  lol I'm excited . January has started off splended
Val's taking me on a date after work 
21 in 12 days lol
It has been so busy at work 
@UnaMajestad thank you love it was very nice . Hope yours was wonderful
Don't worry mom you'll be home soon very soon ! I missed you tonight but better days are yet to come

2013 gave me big ass lessons ! I can say from all the negative crap that happend I became a stronger individual.
We're trying to convince the guys to let us have one huge wedding but they both know we are beyond picky so far it's a no
I haven't said anything but my cousin and I are both getting married within the following years  excited because we're helping each other
@_NanaDGAF the people will end up with there mouth dropped because your so young
@_NanaDGAF I went to a few meetings with my mom there pretty funny , we'll not the meeting but the stories you hear
@HoyCrystal if she wasn't behaving the way she is i would defenity go for 10 more kids it she's really bad
@HoyCrystal my daughter loves baby's , every time we see a new born she wants to carry them &amp; she tells her dad she wants one lol
@HoyCrystal awww hope I get to meet him
@_NanaDGAF hahaha ! Omg
@BigGus525 ewww
@HoyCrystal lol I have some too lmfao
Dont question what things happen , god has something big in store for you .
Received a Christmas card from my mom aswell !
Got a special call from an inmate \"calling on your moms behalf , she wants to remind you she loves you &amp;misses you &amp; your always in her \"
@BeautifulDISS_  oh brother
My brothers going to hate his two sisters  we are dead 
@BeautifulDISS_ you saw a naked monkey
@UnaMajestad lol ! My cousin has the hots for him !!!
@_hardknocks my sisters there with her bf keep an eye out for me lol
My sis said yoselin your getting pretty again , not that your ugly and laughed little bitch I'm the only girl who's lazy to get dolled up
Marie is being an annoying butthead 
@BeautifulDISS_ @BigGus525 there really cute ! You should get jay bug some so you can match
I miss my mom dearly 
@Pmg0308 same here plus he added drama , and I got into a huge fight with all his family , best Christmas ever (;
@Pmg0308 spending Christmas alone like me :/ ?
@UnaMajestad it happens to the best of us , a least you noticed in time . People can be so ugly . You'll find Prince Charming soon (:
@UnaMajestad I was thankful tho don't get me wrong
@UnaMajestad I was actually mad that I received anything , I begged everyone not to get me things all I wanted was my mommy, I am thankful
My brothers the cutest saw me crying so he went and bought me flowers
I can't even say merry Christmas to my mommy  just hope god is giving her the strength she needs . Hurts to know she's with strangers
@_NanaDGAF i hope everything is okay , big hug from Marie and I  if you need to vent I'm a text away
Woke up in a fuck everone type of mood . Don't want to clean or get ready especially not when a nigguh who ain't my daddy's demanding shit
Friends before you go to bed tonight please help me by doing a little prayer for my family , I saw something rn that can bring joy to us
I felt like I went blind when val put eye drops in my eyes
@_hardknocks ima kick your ass max ! Don't let me hear you do it one more time so disappointed in you 
Woke up with a swollen eye im blaming val lol
@EDDIEL0KZ lmfao
My stomach hurts I think I need to let out a huge old fart hahaha
That would be the best Xmas present my mommy knocking on my door
We'll I guess I should see the positive In this , I'll keep praying and having faith that Monday I'll have my momma with me
Haven't been out on my own in forever feels good to be with my girl 
La jente es pendeja o se hace ?
I get jealousy when I see people with there moms . One day tho soon I'll be holding my mommy and everyone will be jealous of us
Seriously I need to stop complaining and suck all this shit up like a big girl ! #NoMoreComplaining #TheEnd
Should've just stayed home in bed but I'm a responsible person and I came to work even tho I had the day off .
Niis tablet  just arrived and it is beyond cute
Got a bit of good news I guess now it's time to play the waiting game and hopefully something warms this guys heart and let's her out :/
@BeautifulDISS_ I can already picture how angry she was
@BeautifulDISS_  omg lmfao best reason to call your mom for ! You should've been like I'll call her for you mam
@_hardknocks I'll text you
Faith won't get her out it's the dam corrupt system that will get her out when ever the fuck they want
I'm terribly sorry but I had so much faith my mom would be out today I prayed and prayed and look god isn't getting her out
I've never seen my dad so mad ! He almost killed me with his words when I gave him the bad news 
@_hardknocks me either :/ sadly my mom didn't get out today 
@BeautifulDISS_ lmfao !! What did you do?
@UnaMajestad yes weekends
@UnaMajestad my job lol
Now I won't see mom till January :(
Fuck the lazy ass people who don't do their job correctly ! Just because it's not you on my mothers situation bitch ass system
@BeautifulDISS_ 
I really don't want to talk to anyone nor see anyone . 
My back was killing me so val gave me some of his medicine and I'm now painless lol
While I was napping earlier my sister and Marie were eating a pop tart we'll guess what Marie put it all over my hair 
Dad said he's never taking my sister, Marie and I shopping with him because he ends up broke ! Thank a dad 
Feel like something in my back got out of place I can barley bend down or walk straight oh brother 
Marie eats her boogers how nasty lol 
Too lazy to clean today . So I shall nap with my love bug
@BeautifulDISS_ you guys are so cute
Guys I went to church with Marie today ! And she behaved I hope Jesus is in her now little brat act like a rebel all day everyday
@_hardknocks hahaha 
I really really want to get a tattoo that represents my moms strength and my daddy's big heart !
Picks me up drops me off and leaves to chill not even a hi babe how was work .
@XoBonBonXo what are you talking  about
@UnaMajestad that brat ! You can have her jk jk jk 
@UnaMajestad can't wait to see you
@UnaMajestad I'll text you the address when I'm off work
@UnaMajestad I know !! I hope you can make it to her welcome back party on Friday !
Thank you to the few people who have prayed and been in contact with me to see how I was doing throughout this whole journey 
My mom will be home in a week around this time !
@BeautifulDISS_ no way let me see
Finally going to try and make some tinga today wish me luck
Dad made me cry today and now he won't stop blowing up my phone to make me feel better 
I detest the fact that I know your always in your fucking phone and can't answer my calls botch
I spent $100 on Xmas decorations for my house and our tree , that we didn't buy today  I better get my tree tomorrow
Val gets furious when he goes through my ig there's one person that likes all my pictures except the ones that have to do with val
@XoBonBonXo @DesireeRoseTho 
@XoBonBonXo @DesireeRoseTho I'm with her !!! Or we can eggs some houses/cars we won't get into much trouble with the law that way
Manhattan beach is so crazy right now stay away !
@XoBonBonXo ???
@HoyCrystal your welcome (:
@HoyCrystal lay down on your bed or couch with your fit on top of a few pillows it helps the swelling
@brenda90250 nope lol , she could at least fake that she's happy about our ring 
Val's mom is a hater , just saying !
@steph_flaca thank you love
You are one jealous ass women !
At first val said we would get married Jan 2014 but now he's saying in 2 or 3 years , bummer lol
I'm so obsessed with my !
Since I got to work I've been so dam sleepy ! 
My 21st bday is next month and I don't know what to do 
@XoBonBonXo yes he was so angry
Lmfao! Val bought a new bong today and he was about to smoke from it when it slips and brakes  there goes his money

Nice fattass check  just how I like them
@UnaMajestad ok I'll text you to let you know when we're going
@UnaMajestad aww I saw this all late ! The one we went to wasn't all that next week we might go to one in Hollywood
Adult store with my girlie I think so 
@BeautifulDISS_ yes please! My tits already sag they look like a cow that just got milked  val went to get me medicine
@BeautifulDISS_ we can be grandmas together lol . Ugh dude my stomach pain is back 3x worse
@BeautifulDISS_ I know  I feel like a grandma 
Bought myself some new pots and pans along with a blender !
The horrible stomach pain is back 
And now you want to play victim
Nice way to embarrass me I front of your friend .
I had almost 2 thousand saved up  and now it's gone wth happen yose ?
I love the massages my beb gives me when I'm not feeling good
Biggest headache ever 
Someone keep me company 
Shitting my pants , going to the doctors on my own and I haven't seen one in 2 years , god be with me 
I love that my mom writes me letters encouraging me to become a better person in life and to make my dreams come true #MissingYouMommy
@UnaMajestad it's probably a few inches under my shoulders , do you use anything to help it grow? My hair takes years to grow .
I told val if we had a daughter in a few yrs we are going to name her Valentina , he said it's the ugliest name ever
@UnaMajestad isn't your hair about the same size as my hair? I can't curl my dam hair it makes me so sad
I love my new phone ! Everything seems 300x better @
Val bought me the pink iphone today (: thats our engagment ring lmfao sikkeee !
@BigGus525 thats me almost every dam paycheck !
daddy cried for my mom tonight
only so much you can do to help someone out
Thankful for my bitchy ass attitude that has me standing where i am today 
@BeautifulDISS_ i love you babe dont let anyone ruin your happiness just brush it off
@estebann55 i know dude !
@estebann55 they are still there !
@estebann55 theyve been there all day huh i can see them from my building !
@BeautifulDISS_ we are almost better than the fbi !
Wont be spending thanksgivin with my mom nor val what a bummer 
This guy needs a dam reality check , seriously .
Knowing the right thing to do but being so stuburn to go along with it 
Confused in the brain 
But if i dont answer his call its a whole diffrent story
I detest when valentin doesnt answer my calls
Falling asleep in the rr 
@XoBonBonXo is your phone working now ? i miss texting you 
it was such a great feeling . .
daddy held me in his arms as i cried for my mommy
I get bullied at work :( amd my managers just laugh instead of telling them to be nice . . Grrr lol
Rami thanked me so much for picking him up from the hospital . .
The nurse asked rami to draw a family picture . . He included me and said thats my brothers wife #BitterSweetMoment
craving an horchata , donuts amd icecream
This mommys about to take a lonnngg relaxing shower . . . 
my first attempt to make arroz con leche . . My house smells delious  cant wait until its done 
We both need to mature some more . . 
Val has been soo butthurt with me lately all because i said i dont want to get married anymore. #Shithappensbro  lol jk
@XoBonBonXo  lol
And get divoreces in a few years . . Im not with that
I told val i didnt want to marry him . . Now he thinks im intrested in someone else . .were just honestly not ready im not gna do it
I told val i didnt want to marry him . . Now he thinks im intrested in someone else . .were just honestly not ready im not gna do it
Suga suga how you get so fly 
Broke me in two
Got a letter from my mom today . . . Saying she hasnt heard from us 
please dont let me end up in the er 
I miss my mommy 
My manager said he wants me to be a host (;
@BeautifulDISS_ i shall defriend you  lol
@BeautifulDISS_ i want cuponoddles lol
val went out painting tonight , nor a happy gf rn 
Work has been soo slow !
Valentin and my brothed are about to get strangled
@XoBonBonXo ok
@XoBonBonXo merp :'(
@XoBonBonXo is there any way you can call me :0
@UnaMajestad (: they dont deserve to be there not once have they asked about my mom ughf i hate them
My daddys the best i said 3 of my moms siblings arent allowed at the party and he said i make the rules and he goes with it (;
When people dont appreciate what you do for them
@_hardknocks did you change your number? i texted you yesterday , text me when you can
december needs to get here so i can finally hug my mom ! i know shes thinking of me because everynight she visits me in my dreams 
@UnaMajestad likewise darling ! im sure youll do great !
@UnaMajestad i want your shoes!
@UnaMajestad thats how i felt and i wanted to be there for my baby , im finally starting college in jan (: but im very scared
Waiting for my ride home and theres a car bumping perro automatically i thought of you @steph_flaca
NO period for 3 months and all of a sudden it decides to show up fuckk you birthcontrol ! #fuckyoucramps
@BeautifulDISS_ lol ! thats probably the only way ill start feeling better about myself 
@BeautifulDISS_ thats why i want to be pregnant again lol i felt sooo good about myself and now i feel and look like a bruja 
i swear my aunt is about to get knocked the fuck out !
The night i go out shit always has to happen and instead of releasing stress i gain it 10x worse
Val bought marie a new doll with a  stroller now she carries it everywhere  bumping into whoever is in her way , rude child!
Val got a new phone today under my name so i can access anything i want at any time . . Aint no games being played here ever again
Stressed out . . Really looking forward to thursdays date with jessica
My dad , marie and i are up playing police and cars lol
No ride home :(
Cutie at vons (; i think my manager needs to send me more often lol
Who gets excited for new work shoes i do (:
maries scared to put on her dam costume wtf
My mom wrote me a very touching letter
I shouldve got myself a costume !
Crying my little heart out i  the restroom , which is the only place i can think shit out . . .
@XoBonBonXo ewww
My mom turns 40 on tuesday ! shes an old abuelita lol
@UnaMajestad i will love !
Taking my daughter on a surprise date in a few weeks to disney (: she deserves it . Mamas been hustlin (;
Daddy said as soon as mom gets back shes getting home to a big ass party with mariachi and everythang !
@steph_flaca yay ! congrats love
Does she keep coming back because its his ?
Im too cold to be working right now . This is the time of year where i hate working 2 blocks down from the beach
I should keep things a secret from you . ..
My coworkers dont seem to understand that i no longer speak to brenda theyre ALWAYS telling me shit bout her like i give a dam .
People are too much  . .
Kept my house clean , took grandma to the market , helped my uncle fill out paperwork enrolled myself into school now applying for insurance
fatty http://t.co/O95Q1poZHb
Craving a double double , some potatoe skins , and a liquado de fresas &amp; banano but were having rice and breaded chicken breast lol
Feeling better , released my stress tonght by cleaning cooking dinner showering marie and lastly praying for everyone 
I need to start doing aomething on my own everyday , im always so stressed out for the wrong reason .
The more i try to better myself , the shittier my life gets. 
@BeautifulDISS_ lol ,, im right behind ya ! Except with a 2 yr old i clean and she destroys .
Falling asleep on my break 
Time well spent with my mother this morning , how i miss her warm hugs and kisses. Thank god december is almost here (:
i want one rn , where can i get one ??
im addicted to milkshakes 
@XoBonBonXo Answer my text before i go murder somwone !!!
I could use a nice home cooked dinner and a drank tho , on my own that is .
Spent some time with my family at the zoo. Family time over anything else!
@XoBonBonXo im at the zoo but i should be home soon text me
BUMMED THE FUCK OUT 
Only person im trusting from now on is my mom , people make up so much crap to make you look like a bad person / mother 
@XoBonBonXo you dont understand how pissed off i am !!!
He just told me hes gonna kill marie . and i bet yall anything when i tell val all hes gona day is ignore it
I swear i cant deal with vals little brother
I decided its time i go back to school .I admit im beyond scared but i need to over this fear if not i wont be getting any of my goals accom
Some people can really get out of hand
4am and my fatass got up to eat ice cream 
@brenda90250 yay !!! i have a bit of make up but like i said i dont know how to apply it and make it cute :/
&amp; Show me where to get cute accesories , close and all that girly crap .
i cant stress how much i need help on being more of a girl lol . . Can someone please teach me how to do my makeup not crazy just simple
And you dont bring in any income , dont do your own laundry your mom still does it and she pays your phone bill
This person has his own family , lives on his own and still gives his mom money when all you do is sit on your ass all fucking day .
Seriously bothers me that a 25 yr old unemyed chick has the never to talk down on someone i know for not helping out his mom
I swear on anything i love this ladys going to drive me crazy . .
pisses me off that i cant use the fucking restroom in peace .
@BeautifulDISS_ what more did that chick put up ?
@BeautifulDISS_ lol brenda
today i have felt like a failure to myself , eventhough i know im not i guess its just because i conpare my life to those who have it easy:(
And let me add to tht they start blasting my phone every few min asking if im on my way .
One thing i hate is when people ask me to do them a favor but i gotta do it right when they say it , umm no my things comes first
@XoBonBonXo wahhhh??
Vals taking me on a date after work and he left it up to me on where i want to go and guess what i dont know where to go :( HELP !
@UnaMajestad maries a beanermelon haha
@steph_flaca hehehehe 
@XoBonBonXo @brenda90250 thats why i wanted you to come over !! so i can tell you whats going on ill text you im about to walk to my moms
@brenda90250 lmfao , i knew this would happen !
BRENDA G. TO BE EXACT . NOW I FINALLY POSTED SOMETHING ABOUT YOU. SO YOU CAN KEEP RUNNING YOUR MOUTH
Ohh man i almost forgot guys , she said i posted things about her so might as well say her name right ? BRENDA !
Just like tomorrow at work (; im about to instagram this bitch laughing in my face for those of you who believed she was a bad bitch she not
Doesny mean vals gona be that way! bitch ass nigguhs are about to see the deamin in me come out if i see one more sneaky shit .
I hate it when people want to brake your family up ill call you out on it ! just because your out w.e the f you want have bitchs
AND if he got us our own place that means he needs to get his shit together and stop acting like hes single . Its 50/ 50 around her
See if a man choices to stay with his girl when shes tells em shes pregnant it means he wants a fam rightt?
I call the shots around my house , and the nigguh knows if he doesnt like it theres a fucking door .
And before you suggest me getting marriage counseling keep in mind im not married and two i dont ever let any man step over me
just because your husband takes advatage of you and he does what ever thr fuxk he wants doesnt mean val gets to do what the fuck he wants
can someone please come slap me across the face pack all my shit and take me fucking far away
My little sister is too much !
I still cant believe all the bullshit i was put through didnt deserve one bit of it !
im in the mood to expose dumb bitchs #homewrecker
@XoBonBonXo lets do some ass kickinh !
When hoes only like the pictures your daughters dads in #ISeeYOU 
\"@PHORAONE: Best believe I keep my circle small ..\"WORD !
Rain brings me memories of when i lived with my mom she would bring me a cup of hot choclate,one of oatmeal and some bread with honey .
@_hardknocks lets go ! were taking marie on the 19
\"@TScpCapricorn: Daily Capricorn: A little boy is going to bring you much joy in your life. http://t.co/M85txxhW95\" im having a boy lmfao jk
OH MY JESUS IM DYING HERE 
@_hardknocks and you out of most people know how nice i am and everybody takes advantage of that .
@_hardknocks im getting treated like a fucking slave not a gf fuck that shit im tierd of this . Hes the most selfish person ever dude
i need me a drank !
@_hardknocks just did (;
There!
On my own, just me and marie . Cant treat me like a queen well thetes the door buhhh bye .
@BeautifulDISS_ 
I think im bipolar . My girlfriend @BeautifulDISS_ just made my night !
Shit only happens to me , i know after a storm comes the rainbow but fuck do i really deserve all this ?
im in such a angry mood rn .
Hungry , hungry hungry !
AND he said he was a lawyer . .
When the mans not looking she turns and looks at me and secretly laughs , this hoes probably hustling his ass bcuz he looked old
Akward moment . A mans talking crap to the girl hes with bcuz she doesnt want him over at his house but shes beating ariund the bush.
@steph_flaca umm ny parents have a family plan , we have 7 phones lol for my line i pay 85 becuase of my data and internet plan
@steph_flaca val and i are acutually thinking of switching to metro were not sure tho , val says metros reception is really bad .
@steph_flaca tmobile .
@steph_flaca yes i hqve to pay 150? i wanted to get the s4 but they said i would have to finish paying of this one first. .
@steph_flaca i need a new one !! my whole screen is cracked and i dont have a back button :'(
Having to come to starbucks to get my coworkers drinks and i get all this money yeap iconfussed myself
@UnaMajestad let nini and i come over we well eat yiur whole fridge lol
i feel like shit , im about to take a nap in the rr
wish i could get home to a home made dinner , smoothing music and the laundry done BUT we all know thats not going to happen :'(
And then everything turns on you
I swear you do so much  for people and they can di one thing you tell them to do .
@XoBonBonXo ill be ok
Yesterday i felt so sad &amp; heart broken , had a little cake for my girls and niether of my parents were there .
Well then bring the most expensive one !
I sent my 14 yrsl. old sis and her bf to buy medicine for marie and i told them to get the walgreens brand and they said no ots ratchet pol
Matching birthday cakes for my monkies !
At this time 2 years ago i started getting my contractions , and my momma held my hand the whole night . #GiveMeBackMyMOMMY
I think our families going through enough , babyjesus start blessing us with good things my familys done with all the negativity
Might be cancelling my babygirls dinner 
seems like shit gets worse as eachday goes by . . .
School just started and this is ramis 3rd time getting suspended , if a school knows a child needs special help they should be ontop of it .
@BeautifulDISS_ @Pmg0308 happy birthday little man !
@BeautifulDISS_ thank you love
Happy birthday to my angel up above i miss you abuelito !
@XoBonBonXo facebook msg me
@XoBonBonXo what bitch do i have to fuck up , fuck with you and you know i got your back ! fuck a homewrecker!!
Everytime my mom call me and tells me she loves me i cant help but cry and i just hang up :'(
i guess its time for a new one  and im making val buy me it shiitt i deserve a new phone,new car,and a big ass dimond 
cracked the whole screen on my phone and ive only had it for about 3 months 
@BeautifulDISS_ lol ! her too !
Only my dumbass would smash my thumb 
I think the beer got to me !
This beer is too good taste like apple juice (;
My coworkers are trying to get my drunk lol
Getting home to my dad drunk as fuck just makes me cry . I understand hes hurting , but whats drinking gonna do?
Anybody want to rub my back? OR take me to a spa? lol
My mind and body are going through a lot that right now im having a break down i feel like im about to pass out :(
val got home and nini was crying and when he asks what was wrong she said \"mami hit me\" when i didnt evn touch her i just said dont do tht!
@UnaMajestad check your dm!
@UnaMajestad she needed a vacation so she left for 3 months lol .
@steph_flaca shes doing good , she looks funny con su ropa doesnt fit her style lol. Shes hanging in there only 70somethn more days on vacat
\"@TScpCapricorn: #Capricorn #ZodiacPeople - Career and marriage are both equally important to a Capricorn female.\"
Mom said im ridiculous for going to hawaii just to see her
Never taking nini to visit my mom again :(  it was beyond hard for her and my mom to see eachother :'/ no more hawaii for nini .
Little child of mine turns two in six days 
earlier today i was ignoring marie so she came up to me , grabbes my face and yelled \"lissteenn mami\" , little miss diva !
gonna visit my momma with marie this weekend . Hawaii here we come for a day :/
I think im drowning into depression , instead of helping your making shit worse on me 
i swear i dont need your shit rn .
You could go out and do fun things but cant take me out to do fun things .
I feel like im the only one correcting marie , which she doesnt give a dam , always does what she wants , and it gets me so mad that i cry:(
its been 2 yes since i had marie &amp;&amp; i still have milk in my boobs , wth
Dads been so bummed out since wed , i feel like a horrible daughter because i dont know what to do 
@XoBonBonXo what gappend.love
\"@TScpCapricorn: #Capricorn #ZodiacPeople - A Capricorn woman can appear to be calm but underneath is brimming with emotion.\"
I swear im not a bad person . So why is life being so bad to me 
Val and i just looked at eachother like were pregnant?
I got introuble by my dad last night for being \"pregnant\" again . . .
@XoBonBonXo i love your stanky ass
@XoBonBonXo lmfao ! you look good as an egg dont you worry lol
It kills me when marie starts asking about my mom , i have to make up diffrent lies eachtime 
@XoBonBonXo i like the egg picture
@steph_flaca check your direct msg , i sent you a text but it was the wrong number lol
@steph_flaca you changed your number ?
Seeing your daddy shed some tears 


Im not as tough as act.
Seriously, this chick picked today to play the victim and comw at me like tht . 
@BeautifulDISS_ thanks gf . . I appreciate it 
And i had my mom to myself for a few hours , gosh ima fucking miss my mom 
only 3 things that made me smile happend today, marie got mad at something i did and she yelled\"dios mio yosi\" , my bro filled up my gas tnk
Im going to need lots of encouragment tomorrow . . . 
My daughter is a wierdo , throwing a fit because she wants cake .
Little sisters first type doing her eyebrows
@brenda90250 ya me saca canas verdes !
@brenda90250 i give her time outs , and if she moves from her corner she doesnt get snacks or gets to watch tv
I swear i struggle to do her hair and dress her everday i spend like 30 trying to do tht. And when i tell her she can do thi.gs she laughs
@brenda90250 shes always screaming , she throws everything , she hits , scratchs and kicks me when she doesnt get her way.
I told val im searching for a 2yr old behavior camp and taking marie , her behavior is insane &amp; i have been rasing her properly 
Mom struggles , i can never use the restroom in peace 
Because your one of a kind baby !
fatgirl in a skinnybody , thats me  http://t.co/rC9Rc9R6gy
Somebody please . . . 
Instead of getting easier the days just get harder
Instead of being united rn my family decides to start fighting. I dont need more crap going on
I dont think i can be around people today or the next day or the next 
As of next week im going to be a mother of two , a little bratty two yr old (marie) and a spoiled brat my 13 yr old sister , god be with me!
@UnaMajestad tell usss !
The voicemails my dad leaves me when i dont answer his calls are mean but cute !
Seeing my mother go through shit she doesnt deserve just kills me 
Potty training marie day 1: i have her without a diaper and she peed on the carpet :/
After like 7 yes of not seeing my grandma i get to see her today , i hope she brought me some tortrix from guate (;
@XoBonBonXo text me the story
@XoBonBonXo should i be scared to hear this story
@steph_flaca lol te va dar chorro entonces
@steph_flaca ya me ordenaste un bebe lol
My dog got ran over today :/
I shall sleep really good tonight , i deserve some bomb rest !
i disinfected everything in my house yeaterday and now im going to do it again today . Going a bit crazy with the cleaning


I need a babysitter!
quisera llegar un dia a mi casa y que esye llena de rosas hermosas , pero nunca va suceder 
&amp;&amp; it came out negativeee , no prego .
Whats up with everyone saying i look pregnant , cant i gain some weight and not be pregnant lol. &amp;&amp; NO im not prego i took a dam test !
\"@TScpCapricorn: #StarSignFacts: Capricorn has a cautious and realistic approach in most matters.\"
EVERYONE thinks im yelling 
Making enchiladas because pancakes and eggs are not breakfast to val , he needs a huge ass meal !
@XoBonBonXo told ya your prego!
@XoBonBonXo your making me nervous lol , your still babysitting for me right?
@XoBonBonXo i definetly wont feel bad at all !
While i held my jaybug before leaving she smiled at what i was telling her and she kept making diffrent facial expressions, she loves me :')
@UnaMajestad mole? lol
@_NanaDGAF @BeautifulDISS_ @Pmg0308 @BigGus525 lmfao adriana has jokes guys
@BeautifulDISS_ AFTER YOUR DONE BREASTFEESING GIVE MY BABY THE CHICHI !!!!
a total mess .
@_NanaDGAF lmfao i can picture you wih a gun sayin your her what!
Finally , welcome to the world baby jay !
ima worry bout me give a fuck bout you 
BREATHE YOSE . . .
@XoBonBonXo fuckk errbody
@XoBonBonXo :( i know . . . DOING favors for others isnt a drag but for us pssss they get in tje worse attitude
jaybug , can you please come out mommys in to much pain . MARIE and i will give you candy (: hehe jk anxiously waiting for her arrival
@XoBonBonXo STORY of my life 
Cant wait till i meet my little nugget jaybug once shes born. Im sure maries going to think shes a little doll
My girlfriends been in labor since the am praying shes taking this like a champ , you got this love gods guiding you in the right path
@Revoeee at times i do too !
@_NanaDGAF shes fursure hearing thay stoey from me
@_NanaDGAF were excited aunties , you knw my love for her is strong because i took a bird poop on my toes like a champ lmfao
@XoBonBonXo whats going on?
recieved the best news this morning (:
My dads friends baby weighed 11lbs :0
@steph_flaca wanna borrow marie lol , she ll definetly make you want to wait 10 yrs for a bby
@steph_flaca lmfao and you dont have a bbyyy !!! ya estas practicando!
@XoBonBonXo wahhh
-_- dont know how to be feeling about this .
anybody know of a good spa ?
@XoBonBonXo long story
I need to go back to school !
SO dissapointed in myself . Need to get my life together
@BeautifulDISS_ @BigGus525 shes a bad girl already :') not listening to mama lele . OH i cant wait till shes running around with marie lol
@BeautifulDISS_ @BigGus525 no later than friday or i will be a very grumpy tia 
@BeautifulDISS_ @BigGus525 can we speed this pregnancy up now , i dont think i can wait 2 more days to meet little miss diva !!!
Maries having a conversation with a tree
Where can I watch the last two seasons of ppl
I was going to buy the whole 3 seasons at target but they are expensive
I was so addicted to pll, never misse an episode, then our cable got cut and I missed 2 season /:
@BeautifulDISS_ what are you craving gordis
Since marie and i are bored were gonna shower again lol , since she insists
does anyone want to bring us food and icecream lol
Marie and i are super bored :(
@steph_flaca nooo :(
Headache , swollen eyes and csection hurting :(
Im in the mood to just sock someone in the face
craving an horchata
Fairy tales are make believe.
Headaches everyday :( i think my heads going to explode
This apt is clean so i guess ill just cook and take a nap :)
Marie came home from the park and straight ko.
when will i walk away from this.
Been at the airport for an hr , what a draggg :/
I deactivated my facebook :)
@XoBonBonXo im your ride or die baby (; lav you
Sister in the restroom singing xmas sings wth lol
My mom found a babyrat , my sisters and i want to keep up but she keeps saying no lol
@BeautifulDISS_ keep walking so you can have an easy labor !!!
When you have a toddler and the room is silent somethings going on. . . Marie just scribbled all over my tv.
@_lezlyyyy i can name out a few , its sad tht they have everythi.g they dont desrve and us that do deserve everything dont get it like them
@XoBonBonXo take me
at court ,keep mama in your prayers
@BeautifulDISS_ @_NanaDGAF look up thos hispanic things that make babies come fast . I know a few SEX lol , theres this tea nd squats
Dads phone ringing\nMarie:shuuutt upp !\n*phone keeps ringing*\nMarie:(with attitude) hellloo
@BeautifulDISS_ @_NanaDGAF  push like your taking a shitttt lol!! jkay shell come when shes ready BUt it needs to be soon haha
@_NanaDGAF @BeautifulDISS_ can you start doing squats , i want to meet her already
I am impatiently waiting to get a call or text that my girlfriend is in labor , and her due dates till the 30
Need to grow balls and get the f out of here
Scary strange noise on our roof ;(
\"@_AuugaBear: Let them miss you , sometimes when your always available , they take you for granted cause they think you'll always stay .\"
Everynight someones fighting on my block &amp;&amp; its nothing but ghetto ass bicths
Lol had a playdate @ the park and tatianas son fell in a puddle of mudd , she was wearing white that turned brown
Last night @XoBonBonXo and i realised we are diuble the fun together . We get eachother into funny situations .
For you i did everything , gave up everythang and what not . Times like these are when i miss certain friendships i had .
my coworkers always treat me to starbucks , they love me . But today i said no since val had bought me a huge passionfruit iced tea
@_lezlyyyy me too and i have a migrane :(
Cutie at starbucks :0
What is this called?? cuz it sure isnt a relationship.
@XoBonBonXo im working :((
@XoBonBonXo lmfao
I just need a hug , some flowers , ice cream and a bottle 
i always said i wouldnt tolerate what im going through , but now with a baby my whole mindset is on her happiness.
valentin said ive been an emotional mess this past week . .   Sometimes i just miss us. And its sad to say we'll never ever be the same :/
@XoBonBonXo your an excellent wifey!!!
@XoBonBonXo i hate you asshole , never text me back ima pull your weave offff !!!!!
@_daisyshines lmfao ! im a little b*&amp;%$ when it comes to my suegras cooking , my mocos are always coming out so i force val to eat my food
@brenda90250 alright i shall try this soon amd if i fail your being blamed lol
Momma doesnt want to teach me how to make chiles rellenos , anyone want to help me out ?
Why do bitchs want whats already taken . Do u not care that a babygirl will have a broken heart when shes old enough to understand all this
So i had to get my attorney involved because these bitch didnt get the message . Sucks not feeling safe due to a pyshco ass bitch.
@BeautifulDISS_  im still waiting for my jaybug to be born todayyyy ! Give her my message please lol
I hope god starts blessing me after today . . Most of you that know me know that ive changed soo much. I deserve to be royalty no lie lol
In the end youll be geeling stupid and asking yourself was this pyscho bitch really worth loosing all your friends and family.
And make you seem like the bad guy. #IFreakinTried #NowIKnowShesABIGTimeHoe #AllOverLaNMexico
Telling a homewreckers fiance everything that shes done , and showing him proof but yet hesnto manipulated to believe &amp; they flip everythin
@BeautifulDISS_ tell her the days coming , shell make me the happiest girl if she comes y)that day !!
i love late night showers with him
Bipolar ass bigguh .
@XoBonBonXo you wish lmfao
I just finished eating a plate of blackend chicken pasta and my fatass is hungry again , what is going on??
My coworkers said im gaining weight . Now im worried haha sikkeee
Say im stupid cool. Until you have a child of your own and you go through wjat im going through you can open your mouth
Now i understamd why my mom put up with my dad for so many years just to see us happy. Everything i do its for marie
Why do i still worry and care the way i do clearly you give two fucks about what i say
Today will be a greay day (:
This mamas on supermode rn , gotta clean my cave in 1hr then get marie and myself ready go to mamas and do some laundry before work.
All of a sudden :0
I just want to be treated like a queen .
(On the phone with val)\nMe:fuck you val\nMarie:pack you papi ; Mami pack you papi?\nMe:No Marie dnt say that\nMarie:pack you papi Pack you\n-_-
@BeautifulDISS_ hahahahahahahahaha omg !!!
@steph_flaca i learned its best to take a decsion when you have no anger or sadnessbetter said no emotions
@BeautifulDISS_ i dont have a ride over there meber my car doesnt work.
@BeautifulDISS_ yard sale?
my bones are in so much pain i hope its bot arthiritus or how ever you spell it
My throat is killing me !
@Pmg0308 lmfao you shoulda been like how avout i put my tampon/pad o  your face
@XoBonBonXo your one of them lol jk love
They said todays my moms last court date , hoping everythig comes out good. Everybody that knws my mommy knws shes doesnt deserve to do time
Im sick and val doesnt want to baby me :( lol
People seem to be amazed that im handeling this situation so well. On he outside i probably show no emotions but in the inside im broken.
@BigGus525 im so sorry for your loss , i knw words wont make you feel better . shes now watching over your little family and babygirl.
15 more days , idk how I should be feeling
@ohhheyjennyy true !!!
@brenda90250 hahaha
@brenda90250 lol well find out in a few months
Been nauseas since friday :(
Craving pizza literally my mouth is watery !!!
@brenda90250 @XoBonBonXo omdeed she is shes 1 month going to 2 (:
@XoBonBonXo lol your too funny (:
Please pray for my health 
@XoBonBonXo your pregnant again
@XoBonBonXo lmfao
@XoBonBonXo how many months dis you say you were? (;
@XoBonBonXo hahahhahahahahhaa
There takinn forevva !
@XoBonBonXo were awesome 
This mommas up early getting this done 
I only smoke cigs when im drinking or when im stressed the fuck out &amp;&amp; rn i need a dam cigg before i do something ima regret
i have a headache .
@martinv1992 hmmm , doubt it :(
@martinv1992 thats nothing but the truth .
@martinv1992 and he says we were at a \"kickback\" together
@martinv1992 one ever since he met you he thought we had something going on i have no idea why your comment on my picture yest.
@martinv1992 your really going to get me killed !
@XoBonBonXo i work this whole weekend :( and monday im going to the clinic :0
@XoBonBonXo i think im leaving for a few days idk where tho i just need to be alone with marie .
Does anyone want to adopt marie and i for a few days lol
always doing wtf you want .
@XoBonBonXo NO FREAKING WAY
@martinv1992 ughhf we do !
@XoBonBonXo your gwtting tatted?
I just got called a bitch by . . . My daughter wth! &amp; before that she cracks me in the nose.
I just got called a bitch by . . . My daughter wth! &amp; before that she cracks me in the nose.
Been having movie night, small convos , hugs and kisses . Slowly but surely things will fall into place
Si el amor es verdadero no se traiciona .
@XoBonBonXo texte me now !
@XoBonBonXo again?
Starbucks run for my favorite manager and i (;
@XoBonBonXo @jazzeyxo we can go back but we have to wait a while she lives near cory !
@jazzeyxo thought of you two night ago when i keyed the shit out of some hoes car lmfao
I asked god for a sign to keep pusbing through this relationship and be sent me 25$ LMFAO lets give this a last try
Life aint always what it seems to be , words cant express what you mean to me
I swear im never coming to this house or im pop this bitch in the mouth talking like she fucking knws spoiled bitch
Missions
Daddy loves me http://t.co/rblgWxc6f3
Just remebered my daddy promised me a bottle I'm about to text his ass (;
Craving some cold ass Buchanan's with cranberry juice !
@_lezlyyyy if my dad got involved things would get nasty. There nowhere close to ok :*(
Wish I had a guy bestfriend that would beat up someone when I'm hurting :*(
When it comes to my daughter trust and believe I will make you get on your knees and apoligize for hurting her.
A broken heart tht I never deserved.
:*( &lt;\\3
Waved hi at some bitcjs who thought I was probably a dealer and they got all embarrased and didn't look our way again #BooBitch (;
Marie enjoyed feeding the chickens with uncle @martinv1992 &amp;&amp; stephan!
@XoBonBonXo @martinv1992 hahahahaha idc ! Tell him I said tht lol .
@martinv1992 @XoBonBonXo corys annoying ass ! Yuck but he actually does su ck hairy toes !
@XoBonBonXo @martinv1992 I'm still a thug (; lol yvonne your a big dummy lol how did you not catch tht I'm always telling you tht
@martinv1992 haha I bet ! I betyer be a cool mama ! I'm not trying to be a grandma looking mom lol
@martinv1992 @XoBonBonXo even tho I'm a mom? Lol rolling? Is tht what your reffering to? I'm actaully scared to do it again!
@martinv1992 @XoBonBonXo hahaha ! I'm always kind what are you talking about
@XoBonBonXo @martinv1992 go suck hairy toes ! Hahaja
@XoBonBonXo you knw I hate riding for free !
@XoBonBonXo ill give you gas money once I get paid !
@XoBonBonXo at 7 but I'm broke :/
I think I'm walking home from work today dads drunk and I have no gas money :(
How do you lose your child? Dumb bitch
@brenda90250 lol I def don't have fat ! Idk I'm self conscious dnt want ppl staring like look at her marks I'd kick somw ass
@brenda90250 I have a few stretch marks :(
@brenda90250 that's what I'm saying ! I seen some chick who was BIG wearing half a shirt and my skinny ass can't :0
@XoBonBonXo who are you talking about
Taco run with mr grumpy pants 
My brother swears he can tell me wtf to do I don't even listen to my parents #KickRocks
@BeautifulDISS_ no I went into labor a week before ! But because I fell into depression. I want to see your big ol belly
@BeautifulDISS_ you little cheater lol , just start walking a lot gf drink tons of water . When's your due date again?
@BeautifulDISS_ maybe your gona go into labor before your due date ! :0
@BeautifulDISS_ fake contraction? Just breathe thriugh them or squat down slowly
@XoBonBonXo no I'm off
@BeautifulDISS_ ill keep our mommy in my prayers love , aswell ill have my moms church group pray for her !
@XoBonBonXo miss ya ! Stupid tmobile hasn't sent me my phone :/
Tierd asss shit ! I am not used to working this much but I am gonna be beyond happy when I see my paycheck , should come out to fat $$$
@BeautifulDISS_ for now the same one but ima upgrade again I want the s4 now lol. She's almost out ! I can't wait to meet my fatty mcfat jay
@BeautifulDISS_ I know I know :( my new one should be getting here this week ! How are you and my pansita?
@BeautifulDISS_ well first i blew out the battery so I'm still waiting for the new phone &amp; then I dropped it and it started being stupid
@XoBonBonXo at 7
@XoBonBonXo can you please , but I need to do a diaper run can we stop at target?
@XoBonBonXo there's a lot of those today !
@BeautifulDISS_ love my phone doesn't work , well it does but my texting doesn't :/ I don't get how that's possible
@XoBonBonXo I saw a somw chick running down the alley in a thong and I couldn't stop laughin , cory sc reaming twerk it came to mind lmfao!
Car rides with @XoBonBonXo hrr husband and there fool ass friend are always fun!
@XoBonBonXo no :/ ill wait for you infront thank you love do you have me blcked on your phone lol
@XoBonBonXo let me knw if you recieve my txt please
Got a really nice check !
Oppps I took like an hour break LMFAO oh well they love me they won't mind
@brenda90250 tell me about it .
Not cool tht I got called that by a 1 year old but at the moment it was hilarious&gt;.&lt;
My girlfriends text with a picture of my jaybug made my day and my daughter made my day by calling me a ratchet because I wouldn't hurry .
Work is so slow :/ I'm falling asleep on my break
It took me a whole day tk charge my phone and now its half way . I think I did blow out my battery thank god I'm getting a new phone
I hardly slept and now I'm at work lets see if I don't start falling asleep here
I need to be sleeping work in the am , but for some reason I'm still up
5 in the morning and your still not home. Grow the fuck up nigguh if you can't comit to your family the kick rocks
Its sad that you always choose your drugs over being home. I hate living here
Eddy went to guate and he put flowers on my grandpas grave  when he told me I broke down , I miss you viejito lindo:(
Finally off of work , I'm beat now to do all my mom duties tomorrow so I can enjoy the day on tues with my fam then its back to work $$$
@BeautifulDISS_ entonxes no voy lol
@BeautifulDISS_ in the winter yes! Right now noooo I will melt
Valentins spoiling my babygirl this week , finally she's  getting new clothes . She outgrew everything
@BeautifulDISS_ hahaha it's freaking hot and so busy at my job everyone's sweating like crazy
My asscheeks are drippen sweat :0 lmfao not really
@_lezlyyyy I'm trying but I can't calm down .
Its scary when I get mad , I feel like one day ima have a heart attack or stroke
One of these days ima explode
My hearts racing and my bodys shaking of how mad I am.  I swear I want to fucking scream out my anger
What kind of father are you , you take my daughter without shoes a sweater or pants out at this time . I swear man eachday I give up more
@XoBonBonXo (:
Thinking of cutting me hair shoulder length possibly a little higher &amp; dying it choclate brown I nees opinion, what do ya think?
When I got to work it was super hot &amp;&amp; now its foggy as fuck 0:
I hate when my hair doesn't come out how I want it too !
I couldve got my mommy taken away for 10 yrs today beyond thankful with god for letting her stay by ourside
After a long day in court , its time to make some mula $$ .
Valentin said he was so happy that  his nipples were turning purple
@XoBonBonXo tengo hambre lol
@XoBonBonXo yeah , its sentencing day.
@XoBonBonXo if I dnt reply its because I'm in court :/
@XoBonBonXo so don't send it? It was just asking why , to your text about monkey a living at monkey bs house
@XoBonBonXo ill resend it . Is the coast clear?
@XoBonBonXo YOU DIDNT REPLY TO MY TEXT UGLY FACE !!!
@XoBonBonXo your an ass :(
I honestly don't know how to feel tomorrow my moms sentencing :(
Ready to turn purple since I'm already black
Beach date with jessica and baby jasmine in a few 
http://t.co/UF2vCK470p
@XoBonBonXo yeah I slept the pain off I woke up way better !
I'm in pain guys this shittt burrrrnnnsss :(
I'm slowly learning not to hold grudges , I've apoligized to a few people people some have accepted them other just ignored me, fuckk it (;
Maries at grandparents house for the night that means I'm having an allnighter cleanin up my little cave (:
Told val I'm craving asada tacos and an horchata and this nigguh put me to cook -_-
When your sleep and this foo is still here . Gtfo !
@XoBonBonXo ok jusy let me knw
@XoBonBonXo we can have a momas date and babys date lol
@XoBonBonXo come to my house ! Ill pick yoy up after 6?
@steph_flaca like me?
I seen @_hardknocks today for a few minutes , missed you dude ! We used to be buttcheeks
@_daisyshines there's one that checks your heart rate aswell
@steph_flaca 7 more pounds !
Btw , I shall share my happiness with you I'm . .   Pr. . . Poud that I gained 3 pounds (:
My sis is soo ungrateful
Daddy picked me up from work (: 
Working 5 days this upcoming week and 8+ hr shifts ! Gonna get a bomb asss paycheck !
@_hardknocks can you pick me up at 530 from my moms ? I work a block away from the mb pier
@_hardknocks hey dude do yiu think you can give me a ride to work? Ill give you gas money
I need a ride to worrrkkkk!!! Can someone take me
Meaning can I sleep and grandmas please lol , she's growing up and already hates sleeping with me :(
Nini said bye mommy and blew me kisses , she gave herself permission then called her daddy and said\"daddy nanai ana ish\" lol
Matie didn't want to come ho.e with me so she spent the night at grandmas so wtf am I still awake ?
Happy birthday to @_NanaDGAF , thanks to my lovely girlfriend @BeautifulDISS_  I met you.  Love you both for being the realest chicks
@_daisyshines that picture perverted my night !
Sooo I think I gained more weight ! (:
@_daisyshines gurrrllllll (; it feels BOMB haha
@_daisyshines I  when val does that (; hahahahahaha
@Pmg0308 lets wait till after the baby we can take down two girls at once ? I say slash some tires brake windows and throw eggs on the car
@XoBonBonXo when tommys off work?
@XoBonBonXo we can probably do something latee at night as a family?
@XoBonBonXo no I'm off and vall too
@XoBonBonXo I wasn't &gt;:) lol
@XoBonBonXo can't wait to grab your chichis hahaha kidding lol me either loka
@XoBonBonXo lets hang out sissttaa
@XoBonBonXo I love ya to chicka chika waaa waaa
I just need to walk away
Ugggggghhhhhhhh I need to fucking screeeaaamm!!!!
I want to fucking punch the fucking window or brake something soooo bad
Fuck it . Fuck you and you and you .
Why do I do this to myself
@Pmg0308 yeah he knws I've been trying to get a hold of him but I can't . I want to knw what he knws. Oh dam wow pyscho ass girls these days
@Pmg0308 that's how valentines coworkwr is I kno everything. And the funny thing is she's engaged to juan munoz you remeber him?
@Pmg0308 especially to girls who try to brake your family apart. I'm about to go murder this hoe lol well not really but yeah
I guess my suegra and I are getting along now
@_lezlyyyy that was my reaction.
My manger keeps insisting that I'm pregnant because he's noticed i started eating more and I'm always craving things.
\"@Pmg0308: A real man is defined by his ability to commit to ONE WOMAN.\"
Marie gave jaybug a kissy !
Spent some time with my love @BeautifulDISS_  &amp;&amp; the belly 
@XoBonBonXo lets kick some asss . Jkay boo cheer up people like that show there not worth being in your life. Amo you 
@Pmg0308 yeah . But I guess they never grow up ! I think you'd be the only one to understand how I feel
@BeautifulDISS_ maybe this week drpends on my pay check lol you gordis
@Pmg0308 I seriously think were going throught the SAME thing !!!!!
@BeautifulDISS_ I have this spot that you'll like !
@BeautifulDISS_ that sounds a bit creepy.
Wth am I awake?
I swear I want to walk to my moms right now :(
I knew it the whole time I just didn't want to believe it.
As hard as its going to be I'm going to do wh as ts hest for me .
@BeautifulDISS_ my cousins sister told me that. Ask your docter tho love just to be safe
@BeautifulDISS_  I used to get them all the time , thwy started when I was 5 months I believe
@BeautifulDISS_ don't eat food that contains a lot of salt ,  it could be that? When you get leg back take a warm shower
A big girl scared of a twigy ass girl . Hahahaha bitch I'm pyscho !
This bitch saw me and went to hide ,thought you were hard babygirl?
@XoBonBonXo why?
@judithh_morales anytime. I'm not going home till midnight  give me your number so I can text you
@judithh_morales do you want me to drop it off tonight
@judithh_morales my bf only played it twice
@judithh_morales 25
Anyone intrested in black ops 2 for xbox 360?
@steph_flaca girl time (: lets do this we should hang out tonorrow I think marilyns off? You girls can come to my apt
@steph_flaca I need to paint my nails , I was thinking red (;
@Pmg0308 I swear I feel just like that.
I knw my daddy misses me because he came and laid next to me so we can watch cartoons  #helovesme #daughterdaddytime
I've been having horrible back pains for 3 days already , I need a massage or some strong pain killers. :'( I literally want to cry
The epidural really fucked up my back I have NEVER been in this much pain before &amp; I'm still going to work #AllForMyBabyGirl
@_NanaDGAF donde trabajas love?
@_NanaDGAF @BeautifulDISS_  I wasn't playing either I have tried hahaha! I am not surprised that nana wants vodka but I was talking to lele
@_NanaDGAF @BeautifulDISS_  what are you craving tho love?
@_NanaDGAF @BeautifulDISS_ I admit I've TRIED sucking vals toes but no me deja :(
@_NanaDGAF @BeautifulDISS_  girl you is part of it too , nana likes sucking hairy toes.
@BeautifulDISS_ I will ask him for his opinion tonight (;
@BeautifulDISS_ it was good when I tried it !
@BeautifulDISS_ deodorant like me?
@Pmg0308 rigghhttt ! I detest when val sayd its up to him like NO I had my baby in me 9 months I knw who deserves to see her
@SwigginRaus no! If you read it , it says packing bowls not having sex!
Haven't felt this way in a while, relaxed to the max (;
I live on the ghetto side of doty block.  These nigguhs are having a concert in there hotel !
Packing some love bowls with him
Living on my own feels soo good ! But I get bored when my daughters asleep -_-
@XoBonBonXo I love you
Love my gordis @BeautifulDISS_  (: 
@_lezlyyyy yes I did , thank you (:
My girl is a bomb as detective (;
Would someone like to donate some muebles to my house lol these fools broke my only big mueble yesterday !
Sleepppyy
I'm so tierd. This morning we moved out and I was up and down then I had to come to work , wahh I deserve a say at a spa pronto !
Vals an ungreatful nigguh. #StressedTheFOut
Vals an ungreatful nigguh. #StressedTheFOut
I move into my place in a few hrs I'm sooo excited
Been packing all day now I'm off to wprk in a bit -_-
@BeautifulDISS_ ohhh you know me (;
@XoBonBonXo I know right.  I kept asking her when I came out if labor but they didn't wanna tell me shiit
@XoBonBonXo I have no shame ! :0
So after almost 2 years my mom admitted that I pooped during labor ! Lmfao I knew it the whole time -_-
My brother said he'd fight my dads friend that's been talking about me (: after I confront his bitch ass
4 people on my list (;
Lmfao. I told my cousin mother fuckin c*$#^&amp;@z is back !
@BigGus525 710
Anyone want 2 tickets to tonight's dodger game ? 40 $ let me knw asap
Cooking some chuletas , rice and made a salad (:
I need to throw up ! :(
@fabulous burgers with val and his coworker.
Waiting in the car because the cops have stupid val and his friends
I see all these guys being romantic and faithful to there girlfriends and I'm just here all depressed , don't deserve what I'm going through
Then he put his hamd on my shoulder and said I know your not mentally okay right now , I didn't think it was so noticeable that Im hurting.
Today my dad told me he's noticed I've been lossing so much weight these past few weeks couldn't evn look him in the eyes
I think there's a conjunto near by , I want to get drunk and cry.
@BigGus525 @BeautifulDISS_ yay! Wish my anniversarys like you're guys if there's one :/ lol
@BigGus525 @BeautifulDISS_congratulations you love birds (: have a spledid day and make sure to twll me how amazing it was
@_hardknocks kells I don't have your number . But come to my house I'm having bp. Or I can pick you up
@_daisyshines ugggg.  I would take yiu home but I night drink , find a designated driver lol
@_daisyshines come over were having bp
Bp tonight for vals bday.
Trying to believe but not being able to because of everything.
I lost so many friends , I actually miss a few close friends I had.  Because if I was having issues I'd get a guys perspective .
@_NanaDGAF I won't take you sj me compras un Mickey (;
@BeautifulDISS_ @_NanaDGAF I found out there's one that's like a jail ima take her
@_NanaDGAF @BeautifulDISS_ lmfao ! I was in there laughing like dayum ima leave this place and drink later on for vals bday :0
Who does what I do , noone. Who puts up with what I do, noone. At the end of the day only myself and god know why I do what I do.
Bfs out painting for his bday &amp;&amp; I'm here at home baking him a cake (:
They said bring a friend next class imm taking @_NanaDGAF lmfao jk .
I went to my first aa meeting yesterday !
My bfs butthurt at the fact that I dress cute when I go out with my girls and when I'm with him its a whatever .
@_NanaDGAF lol.
