how old were you when you first used the word vaporwave in a sentence
elliott smith stabbed himself in the heart with a steak knife?
post is honestly the fucking coolest https://t.co/nEA5XPTMY0
@ELTrigger just generally upset and disappointed i think
@ELTrigger but literally posted something about this yesterday, too weird
@ELTrigger i saw it mentioned on the rick and morty subreddit
@ELTrigger unbelievable. i had a feeling this shit was out there
@ELTrigger YES! THEY MADE A GROUP FOR THEMSELVES AND POST UPPITY PSEUDO INTELLECTUAL AUTIST NONSENSE ABOUT RUNESCAPE
@ELTrigger it is SOOOOOOO bad
Would anyone like to engage in a 'Rick and Morty' based argument? Shall a 17 year-old child prove your knowledge inferior to his own?
holy shit, it's worse than i thought. to be fair, a lot of this could be trolling. but this.. this is the motherloa https://t.co/zKpWIMavhC
holy FUCK i FOUND IT https://t.co/ztoa3P6K4C
someone please send me curb your enthusiasm dvds
feels fucking terrific to know i'm done with this nonsense. https://t.co/4z5ud4LoJQ
that's enough hoobastank for one night
imagine the number of aspergery twenty-something alcoholics who have been inspired by rick sanchez to try and intellectually belittle others
rick n mortyy show season3 ep 4 my favorite so far
coming home from work tonight i had my first pang of realizing i really won't be in this amazing city much longer
91 lines in tetris. going for the big one hundo
@lildickytweets @ELTrigger holy shit
i know i came here to say something
u aint hardcore unles u swallow vitamins dry
i will now attempt to sleep after three consecutive hours of constant struggle
1130 pm -- electric drilling starts up next door 1200 am -- are people breaking chairs upstairs? i think theyre breaking chairs
had to quit playing casual tennis because i cant handle low-stakes losing
can u blame a guy for weighing his options when hes only getting uglier
"you can't beat death, but you can beat death in life" bukowski
"wish in one hand, shit in the other. see which one fills up first"
Wow! Great news #GameOfThones fans! Looks like season 8 will be shot anime style
oh no she's crazy
SHIITTTTTTTTTTT
ly
ho
game of thronesalternative title: polite arguing over the proper recipients of family heirloom weapons
an old girlfriend of mine refused to watch GOT because there are "no strong female characters" LOOOOOOOOOOOL
ever struggled to be around somebody because they understand you too clearly, because they can see every crazy face you've ever made?
https://t.co/bQiM1dJUo0
quality cringe https://t.co/XFr6ed8Pmk
I have to give with everything I've got at every moment, forever. It is the only way I will survive myself
I know now that I must try with every ounce of my being, always. I must rise and fall in perfect time with the sun, I must wring myself dry
oh no if life is change and death is the opposite, then death is stagnation. looks like death will be unending! RATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
https://t.co/r0knaGWSgd
fuck man
My coworkers can't come up with a reason why Taiwan is China's other than: "if you disagree, people won't like you"SAD !
georgy porgy pudding pie , kissed da girls and made them cry
&gt;walk out of apartment &gt;see cute neighbor&gt;realize she is kneeling over her dead dog on the floor
Oh yeah? You think George R R Martin is so great? Then why didnt you fuck him in high school
i hit 84 in tetris
Well Taiwan was really goddamn adorable. Might have won me over to be honest
Just got super liked on tinder. Would like to thank my family, close friends, and colleagues for giving me the support I needed to get here
My biggest issue is that I cannot emotionally handle being wrong and yet am objectively wrong most of the time
@ roughly 8 dollars a night lol
This is ten times over the nicest hostel I've been to
i was out all day and my nails were just barely too long. living hell
just keep killing yourself til you get the life u want
"worrying that you failed is a waste of time. no one cares. just get on with it"
a word i have been trying to live by: try. no matter what the situation / predicament, just try, and you will at least have done something
it will be so nice to let this bundle of space bits that is me dissolve back into the flow of the universe
life in china has felt a lot like an endless and harmless playground recently
it's so nice to have an old friend here seeing the sights i've seen for the last 10 months. surreal
I am so deeeeeply tired in my bones today
bad weird
true friends = SCARCE!!!
dude needed some toiletries https://t.co/k0N5aULFaM
gummy
this next one goes out to rashida mother fucking jones
there is nothing i'd rather see less in a movie than thor and loki blasting aliens with laser guns
anybody want to goe see drunkrick?
oh come on https://t.co/8BMKp2E1PR
This the shit im talkin about https://t.co/8XFR4hDfZi
a dating culture that demands men be the risk takers and make themselves vulnerable to rejection, then treats them as scumbags when they do
mmmmmm oh yeah SLUUUUURP oh YEAH like my profile picTURE SLUUUURP OH YEAHHHH fucking LIKE IT LIEK IT LIKE IT SLUUUURP OOOOOH
Alcoholics Anonymous (Egofest 5000)
imagine listening to the postal service in 2030
my deck is about to get sick nasty HEHEH https://t.co/NGhTZ4oQN3
PSA: WASH YOUR PILLOWCASES
and it's gorgeous
tertiary education, universal healthcare, runs almost entirely on renewable energy
"the icelandic language remains unchanged from ancient norse, allowing 1,000 year old texts to be easily read"
iceland sounds like paradise
i still cant believe the hound said the word "topknot"
oh, almost forgot: THESE ARE THE YEARS THAT YOU SHOUDL BE BUILDING A STRONG FOUDNATION UPON WHICH TO LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE DONT FUCK UP
boys in 1960s high school be looking like they're 35 year olds
RIP chester bennington, that is super surreal
SYBER SUCC
Maybe neutral milk hotel wouldn't SUCK so bad if BEYONC was their singer! YAAAAAS, queen!
FUCK people who wait around for you to say or do something they perceive as weird or incorrect so they can berate / belittle you for it
i bet you love alt j
ah shit i can be such a horny bastard
i never eat fast food but i was really pressed for time today so i said heck alright and i hate a kfc sandwich and vomited 20 minutes later
my brain is spoiling.
hooooolllllyyyyyyyyy shiiiiittttttttt ive never experienced such intense second hand embarrassment
the guy still had his fuckign PREGNANCY PORN up on the new computer and he didnt notice it for about twenty seconds
so they're having technical difficulties right and they go to switch the computer and try a new one
you guys. i just went to a GOT viewing party at this bar. a room full of 50 people crammed together to watch this episode
https://t.co/BWPTTbDgpP
spotlight is a great laundry movie
you don't know true pain until you've heard minions sing the universal pictures tune every day for months
remember when we all lost our fucking minds and wandered around IN PUBLIC waiting for pokemon to jump out on our phones
is it too late to form a boyband?
B O N E L E S S   P I Z Z A
@JoelBroombreakr DONT LOOK!!!!!!! seriosuly
wellp im gay https://t.co/YpWCmJ1sEm
took an afternoon snooze and dreamed that i was crawling through soft tunnels in the sky
ben foster has a MASSIVE noggin. wouldn't expect anything less from him. mad respect bro \m/
ben foster appreciation club
chilling at a cafe today i met the set designer who built the trap boulder from raiders of the lost ark
Ever wonder if this is how insanity begins ?
@JoelBroombreakr What is this from? What's up with that streak?
There is something really deeply upsetting and macabre about guy pearce's hair loss
"A dog born without a tail to wag, and so he has to fight all the time"
"I don't have nerve enough to commit suicide," she said, "so I might as well do anything anybody says--in the service of mankind."
The world had given him a life not worth living, but also an iron will to live. This was a common combination on planet earth
Phantasms of a young man and woman sucked harmlessly on one another's soft apertures on the silver screen
ewwww the gone girl movie is really bad!!!
if you need me, i'll be vaping and listening to attila in the garage
@ELTrigger tehy all rolled away
Convinced my book club to read Breakfast of Champions , yessssssss
Don't compare things to other things.
6 months sober today suck my big olllll dick
Here lies connor. He drank a fruit smoothie pretty much every day and it didn't do shit for him
A man who has devoted his life to exposing historical inaccuracies in national treasure
Today was adorable
When you're so dang unattractive you decide to just cut your losses and try to look interesting instead
Excuse me, my eyes are UP THERE!!!!
Excuse me, my eyes are DOWN HERE!!!!!
It's played out
had i dream coworkers gathered around as i drank down a tall glass of milk. does this mean im gay????
tomorrow i will pretend it never happened and try again
did not enjoy going out. was expensive and lonely. i can never say what i mean. other people are much smarter than me. just want a dog
vapid wad of slack
cup song cover
fingerless gloves
minecraft dad
cum 2.0
christian radio
an NPC gives you a quest
exclusive amy schumer interview
wake up. your asleep
deep normie
hey man you listen to good music
successful marriage
folk punk son
job interview
"i dont trust people" bitch u trust people every time u step outside
Lol blow me bro
@JoelBroombreakr :/
this ones got a dark fire innem
28 Days Later (or, Cillian Murphy's dick, the movie)
The daughter of my local soup dumpling shop owner has been revealed to be a bashful young GODDESS
Dashing suspiciously out of a restaurant after having already paid the bill
DO I HAVE THIS KILLER HEADACHE
So tell me why THE FUCK
So tell me why THE FUCK
I eat well. I treat my body right. I meditate daily. I limit my social media to 10 minutes a day. I READ BEFORE BED
I haven't had had a drink in nearly 6 months. I don't smoke. I quit caffeine. I wake up at 6 am every day and meet with a workout group
i want the NYT book of the dead so bad
sad news, but he's done four decades of great work. stoked for another PTA collaboration. https://t.co/C8ThyUKNP9
If I could have any wish granted it would be a peaceful and easy death when I am old, asleep, and unaware
My ear won't  stop ringing am I about to die
Sometimes it is actually rude to smile at people because they r not ready for it and may b left feeling bad for not smiling back
i can't believe that i used to claim there are no attractive chinese girls hooolllyyyyy heck
The best part about living in Chiner is the plumbing T/F??
dude don't be fricking gay
It's been an interesting evening probing the mind of the most conservative girl I've ever met, she who giggles with hand over mouth
Suck my dick, dad!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watch Seinfeld online full episodes free
God I wish I was 1/10 as cool as Michael Shannon
By deciding to bring life into the world, you're also guaranteeing that said life will leave this world. Every parent is a killer
It's not a real piss unless you spit twice needlessly
Rudyard Kipling but raised in Beijing instead of Bombay
cinderella man but paul giamatti is the boxer
MOMWCAF (morbidly obese man with conventionally attractive face)
trump: i need loyalty.comey: you will always get honesty from me.trump: that's what i want, honest loyalty. CREEEEEP
im gonna start saying mama mia and rubbing my temples with a cadence of complete seriousness to express exasperation in casual conversation
seinfeld ages so well
okay google take me to hornpub please
with movies like wonder woman towering in the box office, it may be time to ask: when will men start getting cast in strong leading roles?
"wow suck my dick steve"
Get it done right the first time, because there ain't time to do everything twice
ASS UP, FACE UP!!
Up up down down left right left right ass face ass face start
Butt ass up face, down ass butt ass face up
Ass down, face ass, down up, up ass, up face
Ass face, up down
had a dream tilda swinton was secretly chinese
Do not make me psychoanalyze you and all of your fucking infidelity because I'll do a hell of a job
Construction next door from 7 am to 7 pm daily driving me fucking insane
I had a dream my dick fell off
I have learned how to move onwards and upwards with my life. I will not squander that knowledge on fruitless old habits
Friend: imagine u have 1 hr to live what do you do Me: what happens in an hour Friend: huh? What do you doMe: are you shot or blown up
wonder woman so strong is she a lesbain or some   thing ??????
It is now my life mission to bring alternative comedy to China and force them to think it's as funny as I do
FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ur in the move inception but ur totem is a fidget spinner
Here Lies Skrillex
just went out and did something new
*choking*
A man who hunches beneath smokers and opens his mouth, waiting for ash so he can eat it up and say, have you seen that my strange addiction?
The casino royale scene where bond wrestles bad guy 4 wheel of a car that is super serious until his head is slammed on the horn, honking it
@ELTrigger Just a single !
New the national is supreme. They always pull through, always. Total melancholy erection
If it's not one place it's someplace else
No, no, no. I'm done with all that, I'm done
legend https://t.co/HG9pXmEvUg
Guess I'll watch ghost world or seven psychopaths or something
I REQUIRE MEANING IN THE FORM OF CEREAL THAT CAN BE SHOVELED INTO ME EACH MORN
And TBH age of mythology is where I am most comfy behind the clicker
and im talking AOE 1 or 2 here not tryna get too HD
How can i play age of empires on my mac im too thick to understand these things help i just want to conquest and conquer
Don't talk to me about fucking fidget spinners if you've never let it rip. Pussboy
A person with thoughts and feelings so strong that they supersede those of others
august burns red will always be such a well crafted band
how do i pretend im a twin peaks fan
a think getting a dog would be a big help to my health. sucks the timing isn't right
What am I gonna doooooooo ugh
Worst food poisoning of my life.. got dang.. the last 12 hours have been a nightmare
green room was almost great
well i've finally filled up an entire moleskine notebook. the question is does that make me a bigger asshole or less of one
oh come on nobody is too cool for a lil wes anderson
i like how mean you are!
adrien brod-toad
adrien brodster
should i read american pastoral or n
so
Not bad https://t.co/e3iS3XYFro
fuck
Does it show?
Tryna get wise. Gotta teach myself everything all over again every day. I'm very insecure about my intellect.
The Neon Demon (try-hard edge: the movie)
It has been a long time since I drunk and ran my mouth or hurt somebody, and that feels great
Happy Mother's Day! make sure to have unprotected sex today
thom yorke and I are going steady
meeting people is easy
You'll see me one more time if you do good, you'll see me two more times if you do bad
sad teetees
feminist teetees
teeetees
It is impossible for me to sneeze and not utter "fuck" immediately after
ronery
heeeeeeeeYITTTTY
The Preexisting Conditions
it's not me saying nigga i'm not saying it as me i'm just repeating what a black guy said
ya boi about to wake up at 540 for a work related outing
Jalalala yip
@JoelBroombreakr I sincerely have high hopes for it
@JoelBroombreakr it was very long but basically two movies in one. I think Bradley coopers part could have been filed down a lot
wasnt perf but taht was pretty slick
never have i experienced a movie that ran in so many sudden directions without getting lost
frickin trip buddy boy
the place beyond the pines was siq dude ryan gosling is fkin hot
sooooop sip
boooooip
Is there any debate that the call by regina spektor is the saddest goddamn thing out there
Gettin poked with some real classic ones today
Me too https://t.co/x3DWiM71Da
u workin on a lil novel there??
Everybody's desperate to win arguments about nothing, and desperate to look good doing it
nothing like listening to a jaded old expat spill horror stories about spending decades in career limbo
You mean you just painted your butt blue and no one noticed the hole in your pants?
sometimes i stress myself to tired tears. i wish i did not care so deeply what everyone thought of me
Follow up dream: every person I know insisting on mimicking Jim Carrey's Canadian impression while speaking, and nailing it perfectly
Dream: took too long placing my next leg tattoo, artist got impatient so pulled out crack pipe and got addicted, had to reschedule
a horny bastard am i
huh. electrocute = electro + execute. so if you don't die, u weren't electrocuted, u were shocked (or as i would put it, zip zapped)
Gordon-Levitt has said that he made a conscious decision to "be in good movies." He later played Cobra Commander in "GI Joe: Rise of Cobra"
fuck it vs fuck this
A polluted stream is man. One must be a sea, to receive a polluted stream without becoming impure.
today as i walked outside to leave for work a man with his shirt on his head and a woman with frazzled hair cornered me and touched my face
Coming back from the cafe this morning I noticed a big crowd. pushed through to see a little grey dog that had been struck dead by a car
The Town is a fantastic movie
momma always told me if U massage yer pussy with pam's cooking spray U won't need no "vaginal rejuvenation"
at least i know i am someone who can make necessary decisions
well that was really fucking difficult
is DMX gay????
i do this every night with your son
Excuse me, I seem to have gotten a little turned around. Where the hood where the hood where the hood at?
tried to watch 13 reasons why but all i can think about is the dude's receding hairline
moments later it got eat https://t.co/YbN1GHTHdX
@HardcoreHistory just finished reading "gods chinese son"-- hong xiuquan and the taiping rebellion = great HH material, just saying!
goodnight
Oh man what I used to beOh man oh my oh me
i dare you to walk up to a dog owner and ask if their dog is a good boy or not
anyone else consistently wake up in the middle of the night scared and not knowing where they are like a goddamn mental patient? no? k
arms jingling with golden bracelets that cannot conceal the scabs of running sores
happy 4 y
pussy
feng ku
https://t.co/hKSxEFDJNa
i had a dream my mustache blew off in the wind
check out a youtube channel called blank on blank they have a lot of really good animated interviews with good guests
TAKE UR STINKING PAWS OFF ME U DAMN DIRTY APES
never had a paramore phase, but was surprised to find myself bopping, boogying, and shimmying about to their hit new single, hard times
most people you know are totally full of shit. listen to professionals not ur buddy who read a thing online
finally managed to get up early and it feels gr8
new leg piece looks amazing! ..couldn't be happier
time to go fuck up my leg
this kind of stupid shit makes me feel physically ill https://t.co/4EIocxLcti
NO FOLLOWING jesus christ dude right in my 6 year old feelie-weelies
also what the FUCK vin diesel is the iron giant
about to re-watch the iron giant. haven't seen it since i was 6. so excited
my beard almost looks like a beard.
whiplash was fucking unbelievable
SHIT EATING GRIN
THANK YOU CORMAC MCCARTHY
i'm on to something good here. just need some time.
"There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.
@ELTrigger does he follow ur tweeter
got a backstage pass to shanghai fashion weekend today, gonna be lookin like a fuckin country bumpkin all the while
doing this fun, rewarding, piece of cake job, traveling, meeting new people, and fighting for knowledge and betterment and happiness
sometimes i think i could keep living this lifestyle through my 20s
last night i woke up in sleep paralysis and thought i was dying and mentally readied myself for death
getting my dick and ass tatted on monday
i met eyes with a hauntingly attractive girl on the subway and it fucked up my night
Why does SJ always end up in roles in which she portrays a human spirit trapped in a decaying / malfunctioning AI body
Ghost in the shell had some cool effects but that was about it. Kinda knew this going into it though tbh
dove head first into my next personal goal today and met a ton of new people. burning my weaknesses to the ground gets me red fucking hot
celebrating triple digit days sober tomorrow by treating the hell out of myself all day. not sure how yet, but im gonna make it good.
good one me thanks me https://t.co/7b4DiuIkmH
I keep my dick hangin' out of my pants So I can point out what I want
Today I work all damn day. But it is a good good good good good good good good good day and I feel good good good good good
i think i would be so much happier if i could overcome some of my social anxiety. im gonna make it my next goal and work really hard on it
if u want some juicy history read up on hong xiuquan or vasili arkhipov
@ARTTattooSchool die
should i just become a tattoo artist? i meaning NOTHIGN gets my rocks off like traditional flash jesus christo
wellp, found a newer, doper tattoo artist. my funds are fucked
https://t.co/vVUW3dQJ3galso holy fuck
looks like i can sell my switch now
mind boggling attention to detail, VOICE ACTING that was actually quite good, enormous world and hundreds of hours of side quests A+
dude, potentially the best zelda yet. there have been some pretty iconic installments but that was masterful yo
awwww the new zelda was soo good! what a touching ending
i literally am incapable of pooping without my phone
voice acting in zelda has fucked me up man. who knew gorons sounded like hulk hogan this whole time
id bet good money that jon hamm has a big ol dick
im so fucking vain
ive said it before but heck ill say it again if you make cartoon characters look white then white actors will play them batta bing?
Best thing about hanging your clothes out to dry in China is that they soak up the pollution and make your skin all tingly when you wear em
Santa Claus was a black man. Knowledge is a weapon, arm yourself
Step 1: tie a nooseStep 2: hang it up in your closetStep 3: do 100 pull-ups a dayStep 4: get that hot beach bod just in time for summer
Yes excuse me sorry ma'am I have all this pesky money piled up in my savings and I'm looking to deplete it as soon as possible
i am in a far off place where everything is perfectly still
how am i just discovering massive attack
https://t.co/G9AIv5tVhothis guy is on some next level shit
order xbox ones online until you've depleted your savings down to the last dollar. smash them all to bits. take out the trash. go to work
"McNugga" https://t.co/0VRZ6fvVNj
if u think bastille is a shitty bad, nxt time u listen try remembering the fact tht the 'a' in bastille is actually a triangle. should help
https://t.co/Mcz3yumBs9i could listen to rollins talk all day. my fucking hero
i don't wanna listen to russell brand talk about oneness anymore
i sure have been seeing the gaunt and looming chain smoking museum curator from across the street a lot around town recently
new rick and morty was their smartest episode yet! stellar comeback
Ah yes, April fool's day, the most utterly CLASSIC! and widely cherished of all the holidays
depression! depressioN! depressiON! depressION! depresSION! depreSSION! deprESSION! depRESSION! dePRESSION! dEPRESSION! DEPRESSION!
to be a half-assed perfectionist
ya better fuckign pick something and start enjoying it QUICK
exhausted, sick to death, pretty fuckin done with this joke sometimes
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$DELETE MY MONEYDELETE MY MONEYDELETE MY MONEYDELETE MY MONEYDELETE MY MONEYDELETE MY MONEY$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
up early, hard run, stayed switched on, clear head, deep breaths. good day
has anyone heard of a "man bun??????" get this--the guy wears his hair LONG, like A GIRL!!! i might have to give this hot new look a whirl
I MISS GETTING TATTOOED BY JAKE BRAY!!! THESE CHINESE BOYS JUST CANT POKE ME THE SAME WAY!!!
it is said that shigeru miyamoto enjoys rearranging furniture in his home late at night
boo https://t.co/T8w36uKlFS
yo chaucer had 16 siblings
miss ya love ya
SAD!
anyhow, comin up quick on 3 months, and the saga continues
but that's not to say finally feeling pretty great isn't a combination of both
honestly over the course of less than 2 weeks cutting caffeine and nicotine has done more for my psyche than quitting drugs and alcohol
reasonably relaxed, not feeling like i'm going to black out and collapse in crowded places, mind is sharp and RETAINS THINGS,
WOW what a turn of events, no anxiety ridden pressure headaches, feeling like i can trust myself to SPEAK WORDS OUT LOUD TO OTHER PEOPLE
future anthropologists: Happy Bunny was the original meme, you heard it here first
No shortage of Poor acting, stiff lines, predictable, nauseatingly tacky moments.. just because something takes ages to make don't make it
Felt enormously let down by Boyhood.. definitely do not understand the widespread acclaim this got
Words = mental pictures, conversations= swapping pictures, miscommunication (often)= sharing your pictures before they have fully formed
manafort starts taking millions from deripaska in 2006, the same year he moves into trump tower. conspiracy theories fleshing themselves out
start learning Russian
@ELTrigger https://t.co/j1C1dn9fZv
how do three men in their 30s not have $800 between them
I didnt want this job. I didnt seek this job, Tillerson explained in a recent interview. My wife told me Im supposed to do this.
link me the best cringe you got
Weak fear the strong, strong fear the violent, violent fear the reckless
i belong to the gothlad / emoboyclique squad and i HATE JOCKS !!!!
hey, feels pretty good! who would have guessed?
why today was good:-found a new toastmasters group+ connections to chinese 1-mental health at all time high-got some bamf gear in zelda
envision your best self and act accordingly
*starts running on treadmill**heart rate increases a lil*MY HEART IS POUNDING!!! WHY?? WTF IS WRONG WITH ME! HELP!!!!
there's a video of me and jordan and connor langille buying monster energy drinks and annoying a cashier when we were 15 still on fb
give the kiddos something they can bop to
Word on the street is my girl bought me an antique opium pipe in Chengdu
shieeet i can already style my hair this shit grows fast apparently buzzing it all off aint even no thang
read the sellout by paul beatty TRUST ME ALRIGHT??
visited an establishment commonly known as "the bar" tonight, do not miss that garbage one bit
did belle and the beast fuck?
btw speaking of bleh have you seen first lady or whatever with natalie portman HER ACCENT LMAO
IN MY OPINION!!! IN MY OPINION!!!! IN MY OPINION!!!!! IN MY OPINION!!! IN MY OPINION!!! IN MY OPINION!!!! IN MY OPINION!!!!! IN MY OPINION!!
found it a lil weird that beauty and the beast was a shot for shot remake and lemme just say that emma watson is a fairly bleh actress
Im the big buck of this lick. If any of you want to try it, come on and whet your horns
If you respect your body, you can trust it. If you're trying, be proud of yourself.
ifthedotswereanyclosertheydconnectthemselves
*i wake up in a stupor at 1 pm*Jesus... how much did I read last night????
a bookstore???????? is that where they keep all the kindles
Do you ever get weirded out halfway through eating a banana and have to stop
I wish my girl would turn into a dog
ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH of the CHALK BODY OUTLINES!! they've already been MURDERED.. don't BODY SHAME them TOO!!!!!! Smh everyone's a Nazi
@ELTrigger @adeezly that's what she gets for choosing to be blind! Dumbass
pass me the stolen content so i can climax
i never wake up and wish i had drank the night before. keep on movin
I want a girl who has never farted
Just to name a few great elements, ofc. Easy to see why it's been getting perfect reviews across the board
The new #zeldabreathofthewild is a real force to be reckoned with.. immense world, feelgood throwback, and best combat to date
Straight up. Even if it only lasts today, I'm fucking proud of myself. My goal for years has just been to feel physically comfortable lol
Haven't felt this physical comfort level in my own skin since I was like 13
A week after totally cutting caffeine and nicotine, today is the first day day that I feel fucking great. Clear head, anxiety at an ATL
fuck yeah!
shelled out and bought a switch, because i can't resist the new zelda, i miss gaming, and i'm overdue for something i actually enjoy
all spit, no shine
that was some hot nonsense i got straight upfucked
my new roommate is a total babe from netherlands literally a blonde angel how does this keep happening
@thegooniesgold fuckign finally
happy women's day to Lorde. crazy to think she turns 14 this year
useful and insightful knowledge: 0 fun facts: 100000000000000000
tell me how to spend my money. spend it for me. take it and hide it somewhere. rub it in the dirt and send me pictures. spit in my mouth
should i buy a nintendo switch???????
deep-seeded anxty of misrepresenting what i imagine my true intelligence to be forces me to dumb down my perceived behavior as a safety net
i am unable to think critically on most matters and my mental function is extremely poor outside premeditated arguments and their rebuttals
sadly, my desire to appear insightful and current in social situations outweighs what i imagine to be the real benefit from fruitful study
my thoughts and opinions are all memorized blurbs of hollow, surface level information that have no history or resonance with me personally
i feel good but weird???????? HNNNNNNNNNNWEIRD
I went to a 6 am work out group literally 4 days ago and I'm still recovering
18 yos are the furthest things from adults
I want a full pepperoni tattoo sleeve
Jesse McCartney 2017
i want to be me getting banged by me at my house
Smarter in private
ALL TOGETHER NOW TWO BOMBS WEREN'T ENOUGH ANIME IS TRASH
"McCarthyism was never about wiretapping. It was about defaming public officials without a shred of evidence. Sounds familiar, no?"
????
wus happn capn
"It appears that Trump issued his wild tweet storm Saturday morning largely on the basis of reports in conspiracy-minded right-wing media"
Just remember that your "friends" are the knives in my back and "enemies" are the ones you thought you could "trust".. the walls have "ears"
https://t.co/fQmjWmH4be
Anyone can gawk at the absurdity of where we are. It takes real courage to marvel at it
You have been put to an impossible task in an alien world.
don't be like drumpf, wait til the following morning to publish potentially nutty social media posts
remaining furiously locked into fight mode so as to quiet the creeping dread of panic poison filling my skull cavity is fucking exhausting
anxiety has made a totally uneventful and docile day a panicky and stressful nightmare
And just in case it slips your FUCKING mind: hmu whenever I'm really free these days
Alright let's just make one thing really FUCKING clear: I had a great time today lovely time
how to piss off your anxiety:1) wake up early2) go outside and do something3) meditate for 20
^_______^  :3  &lt;(.__.&lt;) (&gt;.__.)&gt; NOM
I am creative and I have good ideas
social experiment / prank: whore drink and game til you drop dead
@thegooniesgold good call. i don't go walk or wander enough. i'll give it a try
maybe i'm too hard on myself. but i want to try different things because i want to finally enjoy something
forever jealous of those who know what they love and spend every free second scrambling to get back to it.
to be honest with myself, was actually in a rotten mood today. a single faux pas threw me way off. &amp; i can't figure out what to do for fun.
totally ambivalent between trying to do something creative any giving in to lazier desires to sit around and be a faceless consumer
i feel like i have a million half-formed ideas of what to do with my free time, and any further dabbling uses it all up. feels like a waste
American Indians invented cheekbones
2 months and I now live in a world built by me, for me. A world in which my decisions are the best decisions
2 months and I am gathered, readied, steadied, aimed, and fired
sober 2 months, feeling clear headed, happy, and most importantly, in control
my girl found out i been watchign asmr sleepover vids
otherkin?
heya, singingly loudly to yourself in public doesn't make you a free spirit or "quirky," it makes you a fucking insane person
why is announcing the correct winner so goddamn difficult lol
Caffeine puts a man on her horse and a woman in his grave
You ought to be ironical the minute you get out of bed, you ought to wake up with your mouth full of pity
FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!
would really appreciate a casual pewdiepie fan giving me a breakdown of what it is they find entertaining / interesting in his vids
Today I drank a $30 cup of literal cat shit coffee
Uh oh.
BEING HAPPY IS GAY
ty kurty https://t.co/40cwW3cmXV
ty kurty https://t.co/40cwW3cmXV
why do i always feel like i'm eating human flesh when i eat eggplant
trevor noah bleh the dude is anti funny
I fucking LOVE SLEEP so much more than anything or anyone it's not even CLOSE. Another GREAT night's rest ahhhhhhhhhhh
i miss dark souls
https://t.co/7rEEXXF035 interesting interview, interesting guy, reallllyyyy shitty interviewer
where does the president keep his armies in his sleevies cutest joke ever have a good one
geezus kurt https://t.co/udfnhnWXgR
Remembering that moment from Lost where Shannon swears she can't remember any French and then successfully triangulates some signal lmao
when i drink coffee i can't hear out of my left ear. am i retarded?
steve wilkos vs vin diesel go
PAUL WALKER'S ALIVE!!!!!! DON'T BELIEVE THE MEIDA
you know technically the asshole is the pussy of the man's butt
ya know what kid life is just a big ol steamin pot of triggers that cant wait to trigger ya. they're ITCHIN to trigger ya
i'm looking at YOU @larrywilmore
&amp; honestly, if you can't see through his facade, and you really let him trigger you, it might be better to let someone else do the talking
I admire Milo's ability to dismantle identity politics, poke fun at libs, and expose some of the absurdities of our PC culture
Had a dream that I met David Plotz and gave constructive criticism about the Atlas Obscura color scheme. 23 going on 40
Confirmed: day does not officially begin until pants are applied
Male pattern baldness: 10x more painful than childbirth
TEACH ME HOW TO RELAX TEACH ME TEACH ME HOW TO RELAX
I'm going to eat you
"If God meant to interfere in the degeneracy of mankind would he not have done so by now?" CM
@ELTrigger she's a MESS she's a WRECK
do not whine about being single on fucking FACEBOOK holy SHIT
h     t      t     p     :     /     /     i     .     i     m     g     u    r    .    c    o    m    /    Z    M   h   c  s  C  m  .gifv
"Pssh. This is just Trump playing 28D inter-galactic futuristic inter-conscious chess again! He's 14 steps ahead. SAD!"
the hot new roommate just saw me stuffing my face with cookies and milk like some preteen asshole
LPT: Instead of saying "I don't know" when your boss asks you a question say "I'll find out." It'll make them respect you more.
the best part about a couple's massage is that you get a massage
had a pretty average valentines with a girl i unfortunately feel pretty "averagely" about. whatreya gonna do tho
HELP AN INCREDIBLY TOXIC PERSON HAS INFILTRATED MY PERSONAL SPACE HELP AN INCREDIBLY TOXIC PEROSN HAS INFILTRATED MY PERSONAL SPACE
Miss ya! thinkin boutcha!l loveya
this life has been pretty sweet so far. was really shooting for kevin bacon but this is fine too
i feel like there is a thick plastic sheet stretching around my brain that separates me from the movement of my limbs and body. just kidding
Wow look at this little BAGET this cafe makes me feel like EUROPEIN or something lol haha BONJORE!! haha can I say that quick take my pic
Wow Abe WHAT STRONG HANDS YOU HAVE MMM MMMMM SLURRRPPP SLURP SLURP
You used to be so cute! What hapPEnEDISKSNAKALNAVSHAKANAVAUEVAJAKBAHEIRBRODNFISYZYEBKQIEGQOQLWNNDBEOEJDNSKAIEBRVRHIAKSJD REEEEEEEREEEEEEE
Today I am a happy pappy
Nothing reinforces my sobriety like the nightly sound of my roommate wrenching his guts out in the bathroom next to me
The year was 2017, and the world's collective breath was held in anticipation of the answer to one question:Where was National Treasure 3?
You make me sadder than Christopher Lee pitching an anniversary DVD special
It SNOWED in SHANGHAI
Comin atchu like a big ol katamari mofucka
I had one mission tonight and I nailed it flat. Prouder of myself every damn day
Teaching has been a blast today
American Haircut X https://t.co/HchDfbGBta
if i haven't had 11 hrs of sleep, DONT EVEN TALK TO ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i've had 1 cigarette in 37 days and it was only to show respect
if u r what u eat r u still an asshole for not eating asshole
i buzzed my head and almost every one of my students literally pointed and laughed hysterically
i TRIPLE DOG DARE YOU to write a letter to everyone you've ever wronged. i bet u won't do it PUSSY
@ELTrigger watcha watching
I need to stop saying things I don't believe
I would do some real fucked up shit for Qdoba rn
I would kill for a mobile Age of Mythology
Sorry I'm watching into the void
Because what if it did?
The biggest lie we tell ourselves is that sex, money, and power wouldn't (couldn't) complete us
There is a finite number of words you will speak and people you will speak them to
Tongues on the sockets // Of electric dreams
Ice over bittersweet nightshade//// Antlers rise from his migraines
is there anything more disgusting than a highly intoxicated person playing sycophant with you?
there are sudden and brief stretches where nothing im looking at makes sense and i get scared that something bad is about to happen to me
i look around and see gangly limbs and foreign languages and i feel like clueless blip in a roaring wave of alien discomfort
im very sensitive to mortality lately. i feel like my head is pounding uncomfortably with life
An alternate universe in which people are stuck trying to disassemble unfamiliar acronyms for all eternity
Oh sweetie, you're dying. This is what a stroke feels like
That's very nice, Donald! https://t.co/KZYzQ915pT
I have this greasy disgusting B Fraser thing going https://t.co/1ecMoa5mJZ
https://t.co/BqNJNFxGpY
Kyle M's little earring in blue velvet is the most dreadful thing
G A Y B O Y Z
When you die anime girls won't be waiting for you they will still just be pillows and mousepads with boobies #weeaban
I bet you masturbate furiously every chance you get #weeaban
Everyone gets some leeway with self expression but not when u got a fucken narootoo headband on lines must be drawn #weeaban
Filthy weebs are ruining cool art and wearing dumb shit in public take that tail off you trash bag
If there's one monitory group overdue for some oppression it's white guys that love anime GET THE WEEBS OUT OF THIS COUNTRY #weeaban
I was just stepped in old man piss as it was as being pissed was out of an as old man penis no joke was as he tried to hobble off as mid pee
I have the heart of a lion with cardiovascular disease
I drew it with a lil ol somethin called SMARTS! https://t.co/w4Uoks3WXs
But y'all should know they have this "yogurt coffee" blend here that is the most delicious thing I've ever put in my smoocherhole
That's enough Vietnamese coffee for me holy FUCK.
@thegooniesgold :(((((
Can't creep a creeper
how to relax?
But ultimately very few of us are lucky enough circumstantially to possess complete control in deciding where and when and how
I think a single point blank shot to the heart is probably the best way, but I've also heard that drowning can feel dreamy
I still can't believe we die lol like wtf
Gosling sure is cut from some hunky stuff
Thailand is a really fucking cool place
Life ain't all jump-kicks and uppercuts, kid
I'd like to take ya out back and snack on ya. GET IT??? I'd like to flip ya upside down and get REEEEEAAAALLLL goofy. UNDERSTAND???
Pssst lemme tellya a secret if you make anime characters look white white actors will play them
@thegooniesgold it's the same but diff lemme tell ya
@thegooniesgold 1050 am Jan 29 my dude
Gonna spend today hopping around cute Vietnamese cafes
Totally harmless in and of itself, of course, and almost felt disrespectful not to oblige him. Tough
Pleasant convo with hostel owner (really interesting guy--retired Vietnamese nuclear physicist) and wanted to offer me ceremonial wine
It's little moments like last night that will make sobriety especially hard
An endless struggle to pursue the realization of an upstanding moral code even in the face of extreme and discriminatory change
Well your stomach certainly doesn't get any better in Vietnam
Never compare anything to anything else
Apparently this tiny little town is about to be totally overrun with New Year tourists
Boyhood, Enter the Void, The Pianist, Only God Forgives, Blue Velvet (rewatch), Bottle Rocket, Before Sunrise / Sunset
I might just knock out a bunch of movies on my list tomorrow
They sure do love tossin that football
What's up with these cult movies and weaving food props into the sex scenes
3 times in 10 I will stutter trying to pronounce manipulative
Omg this overly expressive frosted tips guy trying so hard not to lose his shit
The same shots? No wonder she's bored
With more roses
Wow another sex scene
Hahahaha I see I see
Beautiful lovemaking absolutely exceptional
Great hair
Okay i guess I'll finally watch the room
Frances Ha is soooooooo obvious
https://t.co/XsbikmQ1fm
Dalat Crazy House https://t.co/5as3XKh0q8
https://t.co/DvBVHNCTGS
Vietnamese take romantic scenery verrrrrryy seriously https://t.co/RqXhAIuQmZ
WHEN A HUMAN BEING INTAKES EXCESSIVE MARIJUANA FUMES https://t.co/nLTPYtJWBK
He flagged me down so that he could beatbox for me  https://t.co/R0QNrytIm1
has there ever been a movie more targeted towards snarky 40 year olds than sideways?
i'm watching sideways lol
gonna poke around this sleepy place and enjoy the country air. do some reading and writing and thinking
hanoi is absolutely unbearable because of the new year crowd. decided to spend a few days in a nice little quiet city called dalat instead
Cool kids never stopped saying frickin'
Okay, new plan. Fly south and take trains back up the coast
@ELTrigger yeahhhhh it was my fault
@ELTrigger yeah. Just lost like 50$
Dude I'm so mad rn. This is just a grimier China. Hopefully tomorrow is better
First impression of Vietnam is not a good one
Holy shit literally everyone is trying to scam me this is a nightmare
Added to the list of things to be goddamn certain of before stepping into a foreign cab: exchange rate
Make way for the gullible fucking American everybody
In Vietnam for half an hour and I've already had the pants scammed off of me
Nobody looks good in airports
The may very well be the first time I've cleared a hotel room without forgetting something, but I guess we'll know for sure in twelve hours
The year was 2017. No glimmer of hope for texting in italics was in sight.
@thegooniesgold my feelie-weelies are tingle city
PSA do not grab other human beings and twist them about as to view their tattoos from more suitable angles
@thegooniesgold it's good. It's reaaalll good
God Emma stone is so fucking unbeLIEVABLE
*Ryan Gosling is the king of non-verbal expression
@HardcoreHistory why not multi part episodes? More convenient, digestible, less people tapping their watches?
@ELTrigger https://t.co/cryVMeEQaL watch this and try not to scream
So funny that the choice between more coffee and breathing comfortably is such a tough one
If you're thinking about killing yourself, save up money and move somewhere the dollar is strong. Live like a king for a few months
Phnom Kulen https://t.co/BLWQ2wJ5PF
Inspired to see you out here roughing it and doing powerful, honest work. Proud of you &amp; love you man. https://t.co/DUBQJirkyl
The men poured gasoline on them and burned them alive, having no remedy for evil but only for the image of it as they conceived it to be
Huh, who would have guessed that all it takes to be a man is wearing old spice
can't i just make tasteless jokes in peace
@thegooniesgold I NEED TO CHARGE UP! here's five beautiful green american dollars, bring me banana shakes and massages! HOOOOOOOOO
@thegooniesgold by day, tourist, but night, also tourist
My driver: *points at my Drake shirt* "Mike Tyson! Boom boom"
My driver: "At night, I boom boom, in morning, drink banana shake, get the power"
Bruh this where they filmed tomb raider https://t.co/yXLkwzzWwd
Bopping about https://t.co/pB69tkeUFp
@ELTrigger @BabyPuppies holy fucking guacamole
Siem Reap is the real Sin City. I'll admit that it's challenging me. But I'm a fucking badass so I'll manage. https://t.co/oX8k2hkBRa
My driver ran over a puppy 2day
I have to stand like this don't u understand https://t.co/kDS3Cn3mfE
E Y O O O https://t.co/EgphqXiC6T
W O W Z A https://t.co/LwcOA26suj
W O W Z A https://t.co/LwcOA26suj
@Emma_911 TRANSVESTITES relax bud
the levels of bloated elderly white men creeping on khmer trannies is out of control
"happy pizza" = weed pizza just fyi
touchdown in siem reap, cambodia. all i did was check into my hotel and i can already tell this place all sorts of wiggitywonk
Is a social media post worth more or less than spoken words and in what ways and why
If you break little promises you'll break big ones. That's what you said
Exactly 50% of the time it is better to wait and think it all through first
On the gray snow was a fine mist of blood
@thegooniesgold :////
"Just remember that the things you put in your head are there forever"
If you have conservative FB friends please refer them to me privately
All of my social media connections are suffocatingly liberal, I want to surround myself with conservative opinions for perspective
Just picture the levels of scandal over the next four years. Gross, Below us. Every few days I wake up and it hits me all over again
I am thinking of aurochs and angels, the secret of durable pigments, prophetic sonnets, the refuge of art
Don't forget, kids. Your body is 92% water, if you fall asleep with your mouth open, you'll evaporate!!!
@JoelBroombreakr it's crazy how much Danny D has aged. It's been a long run
@JoelBroombreakr uh yeah that's whack as fuck
@JoelBroombreakr I mean season 10 was fantastic imo, it could have just been a temporary flop. Everyone has off seasons
@JoelBroombreakr episodes 1 and three of the new one are pretty well done, especially 3. Loading 2 currently
Ah god damn it I think my lung is collapsing. There goes tomorrow morning
@JoelBroombreakr overall pretty subpar , you?
(Meaning that I was not the biggest fan of last season)
I have 3 brand new sunny episodes to watch in a row. Stoked but a little nervous. High expectations after last season
Don't you talk to me about "vibrations"
Eric Andre finding a way to say "what's going on with you" to every channel host he meets is the funniest goddamn thing ever I swear
When you accidentally click on a FB chat and the first thing that pops up is a heated break up conversation from 6 years ago
Does the going back to cali instrumental remind anyone else of the goosebumps theme
irony is kim k in a $770 commie hammer and sickle hoodie
there is a cafe right next to my apartment with great breakfast specials and the friendliest service i've ever encountered
Hhhhhhwow, take a look at those!
@shoe0nhead hey I like ya I'm fond of ya keep it up mmmkay
Slip ya tha pinky fee
You discussed me
Decorating https://t.co/sZcpbmT9sS
For the last three weeks I have been absolutely slaying it. Gonna keep this momentum going ALAP
Finally feeling like my insides have stopped clattering against my frame
Cmere Adrien I'm gonna kiss ya right on that nose I'm gonna secks you up
I'm always bonking my god damn head on the subway
Didn't see it before but little miss sunshine is such a bleh movie. The feel-good whimsy levels are totally cringe
Eraserhead at 430 am is a strange place to be
Regain UR brain
2 am and I am so hypr
If I'm gonna make it I'll need a vice of some sort
Make a point to learn about (and remember) someone or something new every day
You're wrong if you think a relationship is anything more than having someone to tangle your legs with while you watch movies
@zacharybean my China internet is too garbage for this kind of Twitter action anyway
@zacharybean oh man, well I guess we agree to disagree here! I gotta sleep. Feel free to pm me
@zacharybean that was an example. How can you deny the relevancy of continuing to accept the biology of two sexes? It's survival, life
@zacharybean who's talking about baby penises ?
@zacharybean then I ask you mr. bean, is there a purpose to a penis or vagina?
@zacharybean is a doctor letting expecting parents know if their child is a boy or girl ignorant??
@zacharybean is a doctor telling an expecting mother that her child is a boy or a girl ignorant?
@zacharybean society "actively choosing to accept" this is the afterthought to the rule
@zacharybean sure hormones lean either way, but ultimately you have A or B. This is nature's design, not society choosing to accept as such
The longer you exist, the chances of your existence continuing diminish
If you don't look like either this will already be awkward. What will make it worse is if you complicate things further with "preferences"
So just chalk it up to life and accept that people will call you a girl or a boy if you look like one
Isn't adhering to labels what frustrated you in the first place? There will never be a perfect definition of anything in between
Of course there is a spectrum of feeling and interpretation and adaptation in between them. But do you really want to label any of that?
There are 2  biological genders. No way around that. They must be recognized as such for practicality and convenience.
I find it less likely that you truly dislike the word moist all that much and more likely that you're searching for defining characteristics
I was once described by someone as "the happiest person they'd ever met"
I only moved to China so that it would be extra safe when I whisper "nigga" under the sheets late at night
Monopoly Go to jail officer except it says go to hell
The US high school grad rate is at an ALL TIME HIGH at 83? Doesn't that seem a lil low still? Heck
It's getting hot in here so take off all your clothes ! I am getting so hot, I want to take my clothes off!
should I tribal tattoo my butthole?
Oh buddy. PC is a little harder to come by here. The Chinese term for being trans is "goblin person"
@ELTrigger omfg lol
I can honestly say that there's a drive I see in myself that makes changing worth the effort
Every tiny victory gets my rocks off these days and I LOVE it
Tonight was super hard. I knew it would happen eventually: the moment I'd have to apologize and feel terrible inside for not joining up
Been getting some decent beard and hair growth results with castor oil recently
I guess if I can still get laid after being seen applying makeup, wearing a shower cap, and sucking on a cleanse smoothie I'm good to go
Aaron Paul's head is HUGE! MAD respect
A change of environment is the traditional fallacy upon which doomed loved ones, and lungs, rely
Cracking myself the fuck up by trolling the juice cleanse support group chat.  "I'm so goddamn hungry"
Who can say what heartbreaks are caused in a dog by our discontinuing a romp?
Meryl Streep is soooooo far gone up her own ass
We must remember that a pistol is the Freudian symbol of the Ur-father's central forelimb
@ELTrigger @JoelBroombreakr too late
you call yourself a movie buff but you haven't seen hotel for dogs??????? let me guess, you've never even HEARD of cats vs dogs??????
Between any given two acquainted people, one will always be made to experience the death of the other. Happy Sunday
Bird flu is back at it again in Chiner. Luckily I'm keeping my numbers low, only ate two birds today
@waishda  r u unhappy with your life
Going on a week long juice cleanse. You may be laughing at me now but soon you'll be crying at my funeral
Whirring down the rainy streets of French Shanghai on a push scooter singing Backstreet Boys @ the top of my lungs. What is anything
tDCS
Vincent Viola? Sean Spicer? What, are we living in the Marvel universe now ?
I am a dreadnought, concerned with nothing but victory, accepting nothing short of the very best for myself. All is by me and for me
First AA meeting. Steady &amp; deliberate steps, making the correct stops, paying my dues, keeping my head straight, shutting out negativity.
Also, I explained myself eloquently in a room full of 30 strangers. My public speaking has come a long way thanks to toast masters
Nic Cage in Leaving Las Vegas  PRETTTTTTYYY GOOD!
Really excited for tonight
@thegooniesgold IT WAS A JOKE!!!!! Clearly a B show
