Cleaned jacuzzi, and my other bathroom, did laundry, dishes, cooked dinner.... wow if that ain't wifey material idk what is
I work every single Saturday this month  welcome to no life.
Babyyy fever
@carefreexox You would lose your marbles in Edmonton haha
Short work week? Nah I work till sat... the usual
Lost.... so very lost
How many days until you're here?  @AllieReville
Roomie went to Ireland for a few weeks... house to myself, what am I gonna do?! So lonely lol
Off to the lake for a weekend of wake surfing
My room mate goes out and I clean the whole house..., every time #RoomMateOrHusbandMaterial
My heart hurts
@MattdeBuilder Haha awesome! Enjoy man
Did I just see @MattdeBuilder at Die Antwoord?!
Newsflash .... you ain't shit.
@deadmau5 See you in Edmonton in October m'lord !! Hyyyyped!
I've lost 20lbs since last year.... not a lot but I feel so goooood
Let's get this work week over with.... heading to whistler Friday morning for the weekend what whaaaat
That feeling when you wanna be with someone more than words can describe ... but it's just not possible
@princess_tboss Come to Ireland I need a travel buddy haha
The older I get and come home for a visit, the more I wanna move back
11 days off.... back to that work life
Feels weird being back in Edmonton
@AllieReville You always have a place in my heart, and my home, don't ever forget it love
Omg nobody understands my love for you @AllieReville
If I could fall asleep before 3am while I'm home that would be sweet too....
Pulling an all nighter, sleep on the plane all day tomorrow .... see ya soon SSM
Broken shoulder so I can't roll over, and having nightmares are great can't sleep
I haaate change, sometimes it can be a good thing. Moving weekend, no longer a country boy. #CityLife
6 days till Fly day!
Haven't had a dart in 9 hours, quitting smoking round 2.
Do I transfer my apprenticeship and move to Vancouver? Or move to Ireland like I always dreamed? Was not born to stay in one place #Gypsy
Well I was gonna stay late and detail the car, but the detail department took my keys and did it for me
Off to Vancouver... see ya in 12 hours
Sunday funday... took like 4 naps so that was good, now I can't sleep lol
Planning a trip to Ireland is so stressful... so much paper work
26 days till Sault!!! That is all.
@jennatremblay_ 30 and sunny as balls in Edmonton
Niagara Falls next weekend for epic bachelor party!!! Back to SSM in August for 2 weeks
Sad day for the SSS motor sports car driven by pro am driver Aaron day, we stayed up all night getting it ready, un https://t.co/Ho5xSXIrjE
Another 2 months of school in the books followed by a weekend in the mountains camping and fishing. Back to the work grind tmrw
You wanna friend zone me? Than help me fuck your friends "bestie" point was clearly proven today.
The only pike I got lol found my other hook in its mouth that broke off #bassproshop #pflueger https://t.co/uh3oQzK5e0
One of the many fish I caught on the river today! #bassproshop #pflueger #walleyefishing https://t.co/vlfoaecmEq
My hot Lebanese neighbors are having a party... do I invite myself over?
3 weeks worth of laundry to do fuck....
Pleeeease don't rain tomorrow! I'm off school early and i just really wanna ride!
1 more toy to cross off the list.. now I just need a travel trailer for the summer and I'll be happy
Showing the oilers some love! Good luck tomorrow boys! @EdmontonOilers @zkassian9 https://t.co/neWkb4cpMf
@Linda_Auston Who's heart did you steal I wonder? Hahaha
@JuMills Who is this loser? Hahah
I made coffee at 830 for motivation to study... now I can't fall asleep, lovely
If it's not snowing, it's raining .... never gonna get the bike out
Ugh I'm 26 today
Good day to take the ol CBR out fer a rip
New rod n reel fishing license WIN card  ready for a wicked summer
Nice night for a fire
I gotta stop playing chel till 1am every night
3 more months till I fly or drive home... haven't decided yet.
Back to the mountains on Sunday
I don't even care if I'm late for work. I do not wanna get outta bed
You could pop that clutch, could pop that collar. I'm gonna pop this top while I holler. Yee-Yee! @EarlDibblesJr
No clue what this movie is but it has @AnnaKendrick47  in it so I'm gonna watch it
It's race day!!!!  #daytonaday
I don't even work today why am I awake at 630
Honestly dream come true last night watching @garthbrooks perform, what an amazing show!!
Good thing I pay for internet 150, and my wifi doesn't work half the fucking time... shaw is absolute garbage.
Up at 8 on my only day off
Seeing Garth brooks tomorrow, Metallica in august... all I need now is to see @DieAntwoord and my bucket list of musicians is done
When your Netflix goes down, and that's pretty well your whole fuckin life
I don't feel well at all... and I have a Garth brooks concert to attend to tomorrow
Shouldn't have to ask to get head, they should just do it .
Changed my phone plan to 8g of data ... if i go over now, I give up lol
I love the country life, idk why I'm going to look at a house in the city tomorrow
It seems I always have to fuel up on the coldest days #GasLightIsOn #TooColdForFuel
We won our dodgeball game tonight so that was sweet!
I hate working on F350's... like I'm not a heavy duty tech fuck off
Mexico in march .... much needed vacation! Fuck yaaaass
2017 is my year
Can't even remember the last time I stayed up till 2 hah
When you see your ex's twin sister on tinder you super like that hoe cause I'm nice like that hahaha
She calls me wreck it Ralph cause I destroy that pussy
Ugh banff was so much fun... can't wait to go back soon for my sled tour up in the mountains!
Alrightyyy time to hit the slopes!
T-1 hour till banff, can't wait to sit in the hot tub all night
Packing up for the mountains tomorrow!!
Road trippin with 3 girls, if I don't fuck one of them I'm just gonna end my life.
I'm only lookin for one thing, and I don't need a compass
Long weekend off and I'm stuck in bed sick... nice, 4 day work week then off to the mountains
When you're eating yummy food but you can't taste it... so sick
Got a fecking cold again.... like being sick for a month wasn't long enough
44 days sober holy shit... who knew.
Forgot my phone charger tho, so looks like I'm going without a phone all day and have to actually work...
I just love staying in Sherwood park, so much easier and I get to sleep in
Forgive me lord for I have sinned. I hit a 3rd gear jump 5th gear pinned
I just wanna wake up to booty pics is that too much to ask for
9 days till banff!! Much needed weekend away, can't wait for hot springs and shreddin fresh powww
1am can't sleep  hopefully my new pre workout does wonders
Merry Christmas to me! Ordering my lift kit this week
10 days till weekend in the mountains snowboarding!!!
I have a beard, and I lift.... why am I still single? Lol
3rd Christmas away from home
You know there's more to life than partying every night right? Try being sober for once and getting your priorities straight...
Being single is awesome like I have so much more money for truck parts!!
On a better note.... 18 days till I'm shredding in lake Louise!!
Gosh I make some stupid decisions when I'm lonely... at least I don't have booze clouding my judgement anymore.
Alrightyyy up in 4 hours for the gym
I'm gonna regret staying up all night playing chel
Nothing like blaring Motley Crue to start the day
Up at 8 on my last day off  guess I shouldn't go to bed so early lol
32 days sober, 3 days no darts!! Feels great
Bought a vape... only had 3 darts today compared to a pack, I'd say I'm doing alright
Went down on this girl last night and I'm pretty sure I seen her soul leave her body when she was cumming hahahahah
25 days not a drop of booze  feeling so happy and healthy
Slept in and missed church this morning
-35 no thanks I think I'll stay inside today
Tired, cold, sick ... winter sucks I'm over it lol fuck you alberta for being so windy
I might actually get more than 4 hours sleep tonight... deeeeecent!
I realllllly don't wanna go outside when it's -30
Was gonna go to bed early but instead I was binge watching @IcePilotsNWT
Sunday funday success... crushed it at the gym, went to the oilers game
Funny how I'm sober yet I still look drunk haha ... good time at the oilers game! jaebooth https://t.co/w7FuOpI7lL
First time at @RogersPlace for an @EdmontonOilers game! Pumped.. love the new arena
DQ, and Mario cart ... my best kind of date night
My girlfriend whooped my ass in Mario cart, so I made her give me a back rub... who really won? Lol
I don't wanna brag or anything but my pecs are like rocks, guess gym is paying off lol
When you realize you've had the biggest crush on @AllieReville for like 6 years
I can't believe @garthbrooks is coming to Edmonton!!! I literally got teary eyed when I found out!
 just so happy lately
So my boss called me a slut today... I was gonna argue with him but I figured that was a pretty accurate statement
2 weeks sober... Surprise surprise I'm doin it !!
When u see a hot girl and think to yourself... I would cum in you sooo hard hahaha
Woke up at 3, drove 4 hours, snowboarded allllll day, drove another 4 hours.... I'm exhausted
Jasper in 9 hours!!!!!
Not overly excited to leave at 3 in the morning tomorrow  but stoked for boarding in the mountains!!!
Jasper in T - 3 days! Sooooo excited
The amount I've spent on lawyer fees this year is disgusting ... 8gs down the drain.....niceeeee
@pixiedust002 it's a boy! His name is skid haha ... And I'm just outside in bruderheim haha
Well i officially saw the light, 1 week not a drop of booze... I'm done. First AA meeting tonight. Long road to recovery but I got this
