Just finished going over my 5th step today with my sponsor. Man I'm telling you working steps is the best high there is. #weusewelose
@3211achriss i started my 5th step on Friday and all my rage is being unleashed on everybody I've been holding in this shit for 12 years
I am a murder. I am a,murder WASH ME CLEAN.
My Creator, teach me about choices and decisions and consequences. Put an Elder in my life to guide me.
Great Spirit, thank You for listening to my prayers.
Steps do wonders.  They are only defense against relapse I don't think about getting high all the time as much as I used to . Keep it simple
Watching a,haunted house 2. Need some humor in my life. Connect the cuts. I love the first a,haunted house.
Watching a,haunted house 2. Need some humor in my life. Connect the cuts. I love the first a,haunted house.
I love slayer this is going to be my next tattoo what's more controversial than slayer man. I'm a metal head http://t.co/VJ8diEsuSU
@3211achriss the slayer symbol on my leg might make it a half sleeve on my leg. I love slayer and I love metal
@3211achriss that's awesome I'm dreading my 6th step finished my 4th step a couple weeks ago saw my sponsee bro go nuts on his 6th step
My Creator, help me to focus on the spiritual way.
Need a new tattoo bad.
The minds eye changes the way we judge things. Fool Crow. #nativeamericanspirituality
Fuck man i dropped my iPhone 4s the screen cracked. Why God.Smite o smiter!!!
Time to catch some fucking zzzs. Jerimy out.
Jamming to some slayer at UDF. Trying tos tay awake. #sleepy
My shadow is the only one that walks beside me.
Just went over my 4th step with my sponsor. I haven't felt so free ever before in my life.
Fuck females,who needs them. Tired of fucking bitches fucking with me. Enough is enough. Fuck them all.
I go over my 4th step with my sponsor on saturday. Im pumped. Work the steps or die motherfucker!!!
This recovering addict just finished up his 4th step i go over it with my sponsor  tomorrow night im pumped. There is always hope.
This 4th is getting rough. Jesus help me!!!
Sexual abuse is,being brought up in tgis meeting. Great spirit protect me.
Ozzy Osbourne is the fucking man. Im just a rock n roll rebel. \\m/
Grandfathers from the four directions, guide me today with Your wisdom from the east, from the south, from the west and from the north.
We got no food we got no jobs our pets heads are falling off.
Putting the pen to the paper on my guilt and shame section on my 4th step. Great spirit protect me from myself. Hear my pain O Creator.
This 4th step isn't a walk in the park . No wonder why people relapse on this step. U have to look at your past in the face. Every skeleton
Got promoted to shift leader make enough money at kochs foods and I don't have to freeze my balls offs for 9 bucks am hour.
Been blessed with a 3rd shift job. Man if only all the stoners didn't come in high as a kite. U ever heard of clear eyes buddy we sell it!!
Don't belong. Dont give a shit.dont ever fucking judge me.
Headed for warped tour now. I'll be head banging till the day I die.
Great Spirit, whisper the secrets of the Unseen World in my mind's ear.
There's a monster inside of me its quite ugly and it frightens me.  But they cant see what I can see theres a vacancy in my tummy.
My tribal jesus tatto my older brother has,the same tatto getting more added on to it. We have it on the same leg http://t.co/xAWpxLWNb0
Creator, I thank you for the opportunity of life. Help me o great spirit is am writing on my 4th step. Show me who i am the good and bad.
Grandfathers from the four directions, come to me today with Your powers. Give me Your gifts so I can serve the people.
At Larosas with a bunch of recovering addicts after a good meeting. Having a good time
Grandfather, Grandmother, teach me to live in harmony with the seasons.
My Grandfather, teach me a song today.
Damn I'm starting my 4th step. Great spirit help me not to use drugs on this step.
Fuck the disease of addiction lost a good dude in the fellowship the disease took him out by an OD. He's not suffering anymore.
My Maker, let me, today, feel the feelings of Spring.
Going over my 3rd step today with my amazing sponsor and going to a candle light meeting. Life is good! #heretostay
My Maker, today, let my vision become strong.
Creator, let me see the world and the people through your eyes.
Im high on life right now i havent felt this free in a long time. The steps do amazing wonders. Work the steps or die.
Great Spirit, today, show me how to use Your power.
7 hours later and half a pack of cigs i finished my 3rd step! Took a lot of breaks it was overwhelming man. #nomatterwhat
fuck this third step this shit isnt easy to write on! been doing it for about 6 hours now. Going to go cruise to take a break.
Im finishing my 3rd step 2nite even if i have to smoke a whole pack of cigs. Im goinf to the damn thing. O great spirit hear me
Damn peoole are taking my new spirituality to fucking seriously. Lay off already stop preaching at me. Im indian fuck off already
@HalfXLife hey gorgeous what u doing 2day
@HalfXLife I'm all ears
Grandfather, let me walk a truthful road today.
Dammnit i miss tripping and laughing my ass off at nothing for hours on end. Were good times but it got out of hand. Brain is fried now
Getting back in the solution again stopped going to meetings cuz everybody i loved kept getting high. Meeting makers make it! #ODAAT
Creator, let me see the consequences of my decisions, and show me how to make healthy corrections.
Great Spirit, today, divorce me from doubt.
I see me meditating and working on my 3rd step at a park today! Have had enough pain time to finish the damn thing! #ODAAT
Death greats me warm is my next tatto going to start my sleeve this summer!  Lyrics from fade to black by metallica song has saved my life
My Creator, let me have the insights of nature and give me the power of acceptance.
@AuntSlappie it's from the song flying high again by Ozzy to me he's talking about LSD cuz some people can taste colors when they r tripping
Swallowing the colors of the sound i hear!!!
Time to cruise and listen to ozzy. And talk to my higher power!
Just now woke up and read my just for today Native American meditation: Great Spirit, allow me to listen to the teachers of the night.
@HalfXLife ha ha.\nI'm going to crash now ill c u around buddy. Have a great day
@HalfXLife huh im confused I was just quoting a movie cuz u posted a pack of smokes on here trying to be funny u know
@HalfXLife it's from Star Wars attack of the clones that scene the guy tries to sell Obi wan weed I think or cigs and he uses the force
@HalfXLife u don't want to sell me any death stick you want to go home and rethink your life love u buddy have a good day
@HalfXLife be safe my friend
Universalism is a lie!!!
Listening to death metal while i work at UDF is how i spend my nights working 3rd shift #metalhead
Great Spirit, today, let me act on my faith.
Time to catch some much needed zzzssss. Jerimy out
@AuntSlappie It's going okay
@AuntSlappie I'm doing better was missing smoking weed this morning just now woke up feel much better
Great Spirit, today, let me think beyond boundaries.
All i want is to just smoke weed and do nothing else why can other people do it and i cant. My blood family smokes pot and drinks y cant i
Watching identity theft before I start working at 10 tonight. Got to get in the right mood before I deal with mofos wanting ice cream!
We got another day clean! rule # 1 in recovery if its in your hands you cant get high! #ODAAT
Just had a complete stranger congrat me on my clean time @ the mall. . He saw my keytags and shook my hand. Grateful i am.
Getting my tickets 4 warped tour this week im pumped man
Another day another dollar at the dairy in west chester.
Great Spirit, today, let me honor and respect the power of the Grandmother, the Earth.
Listening to some old school metal today. Some old megadeth. Peace sells but whos buying!!
Got a new phone today thats a smart phone. Got tired of my flip phone.
I see me cruising and head banging and blasting metal happening today. It's one of those days.
I see a vision quest in my near future. All of this native american spirituality makes sense. I have Indian blood running through me.
I hear my beautiful couch calling out to me come sleep jerimy. Worked 13 hours today jerimy out.
Embracing my Native American heritage from here now on no more church for me. My questions aren't being answered by Christianity
@HalfXLife yep here soon going to go to a cheroke reservation I'm hoping when ever I get my vacation from my job
@HalfXLife my uncle is proud that I'm embracing my heritage he wants to do a vision quest with me when ever I do mine
Did jesus really die on a tree. If he didn't how the hell were my chains of drugs set free??? Really confused about Christianity man
Damn I lost my year coin while I was meditating at a park today. Fuck my life
Just for today Native American meditation: My Creator, today, let me be aware of the sacred path.
I can see the veins under my skin. Death is knocking and it's time to let him in.
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Spirit, hold my hand and guide me today.
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Spirit, allow me this day to live in the sacred center.
Researching peyote to unlock my Indian heritage. Not a relapse if I do it to connect with the Great Spirit.
Why so serious! Watching the dark knight to start out my day
Just because you smoke Native American spirits doesn't mean your smoking the great spirit. My sponsee brother said that to me today.
Woke up at 6 pm watched family guy and off to work now. I'm blessed
Had an old lady look at my cannibal corpse tshirt like I was fucking nuts. Her look was priceless. Like really you listen to that garbage!
Being able to tell a cop the last time I used drugs is an amazing feeling.
Just for today Native American meditation: My Creator, today, let me show respect to each family member. \n#familyman
@racheltrm hallucinogens just so they could get this recovery thing like ive gotten it
@racheltrm I got 2 using buddies out there 2 of my best friends who chose to return to active addiction I would go back to tripping on
@racheltrm makes sense thats what my sponsee brother drilled into my head I wish I could give people the steps I have so they stay clean
@racheltrm u got like 3 years clean why don't people work steps we say work the steps or die motherfucker for a reason
@AuntSlappie why do people not work steps rosie we say work the steps or die motherfucker for a reason I hate relapses
Jesus man I'm tired of everybody fucking relapsing in narcotics annoynmous! People need to work the steps or relapse motherfucker!!!
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Spirit, today, give me the tools to seek peace of mind.
Just for today Native American Meditation: Great Spirit, let me see the Unity of the People. Indians are Indians.
Going to bed need my zzzssss!!!!
Damn I almost let the fuck it I'm sick of being homeless take me back out last night. So grateful man. No matter what means no matter what!
Work called me in cuz every body wants fucking ice cream.
Just bought carnifex's  new album die without hope it's fucking brutaaaaaal! #headbangingtillimdead
Time to crash in my car this shits getting old I'm still clean which is a fucking miracle. #ODAAT
Going to combine Christianity and Native American spirituality cuz I'm Indian and I was raised up in the church my whole life.#2higherpowers
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Spirit, today, I will respect your handiwork.
Just for today Native American meditation: Grandmother, let me have strong feelings for our Earth today.
Just bought slam death metal CDs going to be cruising and head banging to some brutal metal today. It's nice outside #metal4life
Found a new genre of metal that I love it's called slam death metal. People get pissed when I blast my metal. Head banging for life!!!
No step work today I need to sleep. I can't think straight . Falling asleep at McDonald's man.
The old dam in Hamilton is calling my name. Doing step work 2night around midnight. And be one with nature. #ODAAT
Donating plasma once again. This shits getting old.
Bored as fuck at McDonald's! Too cold to sleep n my car 2nite!
Time to crash n my car and get up for church in the morning. #homelessandstillclean
Metal head swag. #supertightjeans http://t.co/drEjJvntJO
Time to pick up my step work and start on my 3rd step today. Going to the dam and connect with nature and do the damn thing. #nomatterwhat
Got hired on full time yea buddy. God is good
This and my dream catcher tattoo I'm getting on my back is going to be my back piece tattoo.  #Cheroke http://t.co/8RN3nl4nqc
Went over my 2nd step with my sponsor lasts night and I feel so fucking serene man. Words can't describe how grateful I am man
Going over my 2nd step this weekend with my sponsor yea buddy! Work the steps or die mother fucker!
How long till my hair is long enough to put in a real pony tail. This is taking forever. #longhairdontcare
In Norwood for my training for UDF at 9 am. Hitting an NA meeting in Norwood tonight. Need some experience strength and hope on 3rd step!
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Spirit, let me understand harmony.
Homeless and penniless in recovery once again. We must not use no dope NO MATTER WHAT! I'm still clean that's all that matters!!!
Just for today Native American meditation: Creator, today, let me reside in Your stillness.
I got the job yea buddy my higher power is good to me. Was so stressed was about 2 sell drugs man so grateful I didn't give n 2 my old ways.
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Mystery, let me see and know about the sacredness of life
Got a job interview at 7 am on Monday for UDF for 3rd shift hope I get this job.
Native American meditation Great Spirit, 2day let me help the needy and allow me the wisdom to have respect  &amp; reverence 4 Your teachings.
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Spirit, help me, today, to learn from my mistakes.
So I just got fired 2day and it fucking sucks I'm not going to use over it! #nomatterwhat
My older brother gets out of the joint this week going to get this inked on my chest. #familyman http://t.co/qFNrD2aBDo
Yea buddy got my year coin last night my sponsee brother gave it to me. Didn't let the fuck it's take me back out. http://t.co/B1YgGGs2rM
Got my left sleeve figured out just have to have somebody draw it out for me it's going to be related to despair and my right arm is of hope
Fucking A left my debit card to long in the ATM and I can't get it till 9 am. McDonald's sounded so good after work FML. #shithappens
Hell yea I'm getting my year coin tomorrow  @ my home group 2 months later but I've been working a ton. #nomatterwhat
So my iPhone is turned off only works when connected to wifi which is why I'm rarely on here need a new phone.
Fuck I'm not looking forward to telling my family why I don't go to church no more cuz the god of my understanding is the Great Spirit!!!
This is so true an old Native American saying from my tribe the Cheroke #proudtobeIndian http://t.co/m0iM8T9a2s
Listening to fade to black always gives me chills this song has saved me from killing myself on many occasions. Thank God 4 Metallica.
daily meditation native American: Great Spirit, You have taught us to survive. Let me always maintain my Indianness.
Since I'm a metal head I have a leather jacket that is going to be covered in patches related to metal. Have to order them online.
i didnt get my one year coin last night!my sponsor didnt show up wtf man. hes human hes not perfect he never walked on water.
daily Native American meditation: Great Spirit, this feeling of calmness that I have, let me have it all day long.
Just for Today: I will accept the fact of my disease, and pursue the blessing of my recovery.
Daily Native American meditation: Great Spirit, make me teachable today.
I'm getting my one year coin today at my home group will be posting a pic of my tshirt and coin today. I deserve this coin #ODAAT
Native American meditation: Great Spirit, whisper to me, in terms I can understand, what You would have me do and I will do it.
I'm getting inked soon my 1st tattoo is going to be a dream catcher with 5 feathers colored and the date I got my family back in my life.
So I got locked out again time to cruise with no destination in mind. Be cruising and head banging.
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Mystery may we see your beauty in the teachings of those who walked before us.
@AuntSlappie yea I got my  1 year tshirt made I wasn't going to post the picture of my tshirt yet till I get my year coin
Daily Native American Meditation: Great Spirit help us to understand the great circle. Help us seek that great love.
Daily Native American meditation: My Creator, help me in my search for the truth today.
Hell yea avenged sevenfold, slayer , and BMTH and more on May 16th through May 18th I'm calling off work those days for sure. #metalhead
@AuntSlappie I'm doing GREAT I surrendered finally to NA and I'm doing what ever it takes to stay clean u ?
native American meditation: Great Spirit, let me learn today that all things are sacred. Help me stay close to You, my Creator.
i swear to god after sorting raw chicken for 7 hours for chicken legs I really feel sorry for the chicken man.
Went over my 1st step with my sponsor on Saturday it took me a year and 20 days to realize I'm an addict and nobody can tell me different!
I got the job making 9 an hour at a factory. Hope without dope! #ODAAt
have orientation tomorrow at one for my new job I'm excited! im so grateful I didn't let a case of the fuck its take me back out #ODDAT
daily meditation: Oh Great Spirit, let me realize fully that my problems are of my own  making. Therefore, so are the solutions.
daily meditation: Oh Great Spirit, let me realize fully that my problems are of my own  making. Therefore, so are the solutions.
I got the job on my way to take the drug test now ill be making 9 dollars an hour getting my own crib soon in Middletown ohio
Job interview at one today wish me luck making 9 an hour working 2nd shift in factory. Good things happen when you don't use dope. #grateful
Going job hunting today
I just finished my 1st step and I got this from it I'm an addict and nobody can say anything that will change my mind if am an addict or not
Doing my step work at McDonald's and listening to music I'm finishing up my 1st step today even if it fucking kills me. #ODAAT
Somebody needs to teach me how to put my hair in a pony tail before tomorrow before I go job hunting getting fucking aggravated man
I got to see my buddy Connor today who just got out of prison on Friday  who showed me way to live without drugs #gratefuliam
You see the truth before you and yet your eyes are shut HOW CAN YOU SPEAK WHEN THE SERPENTS GOT YOUR TOUNGE.
Get to see the addict who showed me BA he's been in prison for the last 8 months I get to see him at my home church today. #nomatterwhat
Tired of people telling me I'm not an addict this shit is making me want to use to see if they are right I only used for 4 months. #ODDAT
Doing donuts in the snow fuck yea!
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Spirit, teach me the power of silence.
Blasting some fucking Mudvayne in my car!
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Spirit let us walk humbly in the day you have given us.
Holy shit I'm crashing hard from having a monster and a 5 hour energy drink at 6 am can't keep my eyes open . Jerimy out
5 hour energy and a monster is how I'm going to stay awake for work from 6 am to 2:45 got no sleep last night what so ever
Said the 1st step prayer on Sunday the Indian way had goose bumps had a spiritual awakening my HP is the Great Spirit. #cherokee
Just for today daily meditation: I admit that I am powerless over my addiction. I will surrender to win. #nomatterwhat
Just for today Native American meditation: Grandfather teach us to dance, teach us to pray.
Once again I'm donating plasma 2 put gas in my car need a full time job ASAP! Giving my plasma so I can go 2 point A to point B.#savinglives
@racheltrm what step are you on? Have you done all 12?
I can't deny my heritage as Native American did a but load of hallucinogens to connect with nature. My HP has to be the Great Spirit
@racheltrm I'm not redoing my first step again had to redo it again my 1st sponsor suggested I redo it when I told him I was honest on it
@racheltrm that helped me a ton Rachel thank you
@racheltrm I'll so that next time I'm doing my step work I'll write the first thing that pops into my head
@racheltrm easier said then done how does your sponsee turn off her deep thinking?
@AuntSlappie other than me really confused about what the god of my understanding is and not wanting to surrender I'm doing ok
@racheltrm I think to deep about my step work that's why it's taken me almost 3 months to do my 1at step I complicate the heck out of it
@AuntSlappie soon I should be getting my one year tshirt tomorrow or sometime this week I'll have the pictures up when I get my tshirt
@racheltrm I surrendered to the dope so why can't I surrender to the solution which is recovery ?
@racheltrm I wasn't sure if you being a smart ass or being serious that's why I asked
At Walmart at 1:05 am grocery shopping hungry as fuck. I got the munchies clean man
Worked on my 1st step on my surrender section at the dam in Hamilton  now off to 2 meetings now.  We must not use no matter. #justfortoday
Just for today Native American meditation: Creator help us to see your spirit in everything.
Even the trees have spirits - everything has a spirit.
Just got my car back finally on my the. 11 o'clock meeting in Hamilton getting back in the solution going to 3 meetings today.#nomatterwhat
Woke up this morning a message from my dope boy and using buddy on FB apologizing for ever selling me drugs and wishing good things for me.
What is this? Cookie book
As soon as they say in a meeting would any one with a year or more please raise their hands these r potential sponsor I raise my hand proud
@karen12steps you can quit smoking you quit drinking and doing drugs have faith in you Karen a pack lasts me a month and a half
Car has been in the shop since Monday get it back tomorrow my 2 front axles were fucked up. Making 5 meetings this week 2 today 3 2morrow
Just for today Native American meditation:  \nGreat Spirit help us. Show us the good path.
Day in Day out Live My Life Through You\nPushed onto Me What's Wrong or Right\nHidden from this Thing That They Call Life
Just got to work I can't feel my fucking legs man!
Thank God in Heaven for heavy metal makes walking 6.8 miles to work so much faster gives me the extra boos I need. #metalhead4life
Never never wear super tight skinny jeans if your walking 6.9 mikes to work I'm doing that right now it's hard to jog in really right jeans
Recalling the road leading away from right\nAs the dark had appeared as light lyrics from undeceived powerful song man
Just listened to undeceived by the band called extol and I got chills down my spine. That was me for 4 years I was lost in the darkness!
2 hours and 20 minutes till I'm off can't wait till I go home and sleep finally!
This is how you accepted my presence, and now you will never get rid of me I need these chains of insanity to be fucking set free from me
It's all worth reaching for\nIt's all worth reaching for\nIt's all worth reaching for\nThe hand to pull you out! lyrics from an underoath song
RIP Mitch Lucker your the greatest screamer that ever lived. I fucking love Suicide Silence!
Don't you hate it when you get locked out of your own house cuz your dudes dad is out drinking and locked the dead bolt smh.
Cruising cuz I can't stop thinking to save my damn life. And listen to a parkway drive blasting
I need a fucking chill pill who makes those.
I am who I am I'm a metal head and if I don't like rap music cuz it's the norm now fuck off I'm staying true to me not changing for nobody
If you love screamo check out the band called ingested they will blow you away with how fast the drummer is. #screamo&amp;metal4life
Just spent 23 minutes getting all this fucking ice off my car it's cold as hell in ohio! I hate the winter man I need my window fixed ASAP
Is it 6 yet I want to go home from work  so I can sleep finally!!!
Shadows growing in my mind\nOnes I just can't leave behind
Just for today daily Native American  meditation: Creator help me to understand that we are all your children.
Just finished my reservation section on my 1st step damn do I have a ton I was completely honest this time.
Just ran into somebody who I came onto recovery with and went back out he looked like shit. Gave him a hug and told him I loved him. #whygod
I was a fucking mess for these last 3 months everytime I went to a meeting and shared it was always fuck it I'm getting high so grateful man
Since I got my year clean I'm getting inked soon to celebrate my year of being clean. Pictures coming soon of what I'm getting inked on me.
Addict named Jerimy today we celebrate one year and one day clean couldn't upload my picture yesterday. #ODAAT http://t.co/u39J4XKozp
Today we celebrate 11 months and 30 days clean today. Holy shit at midnight we will be celebrating one year of me being clean.
We got another day clean people. Been crawling to get to my year for 30 days now. Never alone never again.
@corinnebarnes don't know what's going on Corinne but im always here 4 U and will be till we die been really busy working 3rd shift love u
Just finished my unmanageability section on my 1st step. Not so chaotic anymore. 4 more sections then I'm done. Doing 2 sections tomorrow.
To cold to do my step work at the dam. Just got done crying out to God. Crying out save me I can't keep my head up much longer. #3moredays
Doing my step work at the dam in Hamilton going to do one section tonight. I'm on my 1st step. Was a great meeting amazing message! #ODAAT
Just for today Native American daily meditation:  Grandfather keep us together on the path.
Going to a meeting and telling on my disease. My disease didn't win today. Today we have 11 months and 28 days. #nomatterwhat
Listening to composure so I don't give in and call my dope guy and buy a ton of shrooms. Shit is getting rough. Fuck these cravings man!
Finish my shift with listening to A7X self titled album. Want to see then in concert again. Shh quiet you might piss somebody off!!!!
Making my 1 year anniversary T-shirt online and it's going to be Tye dyed I'm going to wear when I get my 1 year coin sometime in January!
One word tired!
Only 4 hours and 56 minutes till I'm off of work. This shift is taking forever.
Got my mtn dew code red fix bring this 12 hour shift on bitches!! And got headphones be listening to metal all night long!!
@racheltrm the fuck it's in meetings I'm getting high fuck if and I would start crying the best gift is being axle to be there when the
@racheltrm I always tell them love you welcome back home a lot of addicts ago relapsed in my network were there for me when I shared
@racheltrm but I didn't cuz you were here when I first can't into the rooms and welcomed me into the family of NA I'm returning the favor
@racheltrm is even they stand for a white key tag and I hug them and tell them I waited here for you wanted to get high over u
@racheltrm a lot of gratitude for being in the rooms and waiting for other addicts to come home when they relapsed that's the biggest gift
@racheltrm sections on my 1st step. I still make my meetings. A lot of gratitude been smiling more this NA thing is working I never smile
@racheltrm I'm doing great have r worked on my steps in a minute been working 12s a ton. But I will pick it tomorrow and finish a couple
Addict named Jeriny today we celebrate 11 months and 27 days today of not being a slave to the fucking monster called active addiction!
So blessed that my paycheck no longer goes to buy any dope!
@racheltrm I want to give up I'm feeling feelings I haven't dealt with in 12 years
@racheltrm if you don't mind me asking what was your drug of choice and how did you get to that 1st year of being clean. It's getting
@racheltrm cuz I kept thinking I never shot up dope robbed people didbt use for years therefore I'm not an addict when I finally
@racheltrm I have never been to jail my disease didn't progress that fast. When I first got into NA I didn't think I was an addict
@racheltrm I put no matter what in my hash tags cuz I have to not use no matter what I skipped the 3 alternatives jails, institutions death
@racheltrm every since I got to my 11 months every single day is fuck it I'm getting high. My disease won't shut the fuck up.
@racheltrm I was waiting for that day when he would go to a meeting with me. And he finally did. This recovery thing is getting rough
@racheltrm a lot of my tweets scare the hell out of me what I'm saying. And my little bro went to my home group a few months ago
@racheltrm I was using there is a lot of shame and guilt I carried with me when I got clean I picked him up from school and
@racheltrm cuz my little brother is 16 years old and can't smoking pot and selling drugs to save his life I got my little bro high when
@racheltrm I know it's not shameful to cry at a meeting I really didn't cry growing up bottled all my emotions of the past 12 years inside
@racheltrm I want my hair to be parted right down the middle just like a lot of native american guys do right now it's a mess
@AuntSlappie hope you have a good day Rosie I just got out of my noon meeting @ 1:30 I'm going to try and finish my 1st step b4 I get a year
@racheltrm I always wear a hat so how the heck is my hair in my eyes lol
@racheltrm some guys accept society and every guy should have short hair not long at all  I'm not one of those guys plus I'm a metal head
@racheltrm I do have a pretty face I like to put my hair in my eyes when I'm sharing at a candle light meeting cuz I start crying
@racheltrm guess what I didn't even get my job back I was pissed it gets on my nerves people telling me I need a haircut that's all
@racheltrm a haircut was a hair and my adopted mom told me if I cut it would show my job I want my job back this was when I was using
@racheltrm they all say I look better with shorter but I don't I have been trying to grow my hair out the longest I went without
Tired of people saying a need a damn haircut. I'm Native American I'll grow my hair out fuck off haters! Not getting a hair cut so drop it!
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Spirit may we feel the flame burn in our hearts.
This shit is taking forever where the fuck is the tow truck!!!!!
Need to finish my 1st step before I get my year got 3 more sections then I'm done. Got a year in 6 days. Have to focus on today #ODAAT
This is longest 60 minutes of my life waiting for my car to be towed! Going to ride my bike to work today FML! #fuckingcoldoutside
Just watched Miley cryus new music video adore you what is everybody going ape shit over? It's no big fucking deal
Merry Christmas everyone  my anxiety is super high right now  get to spend Christmas with my biological family in a few hours.
Walking to the NAarathon in the 513 going to spend a few hours Christmas morning with my brothers &amp; sisters in NA before I see my families!
Only 8 more fucking days till this journey if me being clean for my 1st year is over. Been one hell of a struggle.,
Got to check out this babd called ingested. One of the most brutal death metal bands around that's recent. Listened to them on youtube
Work 7 pm to 7 am tonight. Won't be spending Christmas Eve with my family tomorrow will be sleeping all day to catch up on my sleep finally
Addict named jerimy today we celebrate 11 months and 22 days of me not being a slave to the MASTER OF PUPPETS which is drugs.
Fuck I can't find my phone charger anywhere. Where the fuck is at???
So cry me a fucking river BITCH!!\nYou wouldn't know love if it crushed you fucking chest.\nLet go. #romance is dead by a parkway drive
I can't sit still for 1 second. Regret eating and drinking all that caffeine @ 9:30 am.  No work 2nite cuz I couldn't catch no zzzsss!
Just got a monster and stackers. I'll take my monster and one stacker and I'll be good till noon. #speedingballsclean
Cruising to system of a down. Life is a waterfall we drink from the river the we turn around and put up our walks!
@AuntSlappie nope I go to bed around 8:30 am everyday wake up at 4 on days I don't have meetings on days I have meetings I wake up at noon
Going to church this morning just got off work. Going to need 2 monsters though to stay awake. Just worked my first 60 hour week at khols!
Debating on if I should go to church tomorrow morning at 9:30 or 11 get off in 2 hours &amp; 50 minutes or just sleep in. Choices choices
So I'm on twitter cuz there isn't a damn box to put away at khols warehouse. 4 and a half hours till I'm off. Bored as hell! Tick tock
Got through my 21st birthday without drinking and getting high. Saw my brothers and sisters in NA b4 I went to work. Killed my reservation
Explaing the disease of addiction and why you go to meetings instead of seeing your family every week to your dads moms can be frustrating!
@CabinFever21 thanks bro love you my nigga
Getting the good old 21 new license right now pictures soon! #21todaynodrinkingformetoday
It's getting rough. Shits getting real-quick. These last 20 days have been pure hell. Almost 2 my year of being clean. Have 2 hold on jerimy
These past 20 days my disease won't shut the fuck up at all. It's okay you can handle tripping 1 more time. You can smoke pot 1 more time.
Fuck this 60 hour shit. I'm taking tomorrow off to enjoy my birthday with my family and going 2 a NA meeting &amp; enjoy it with sober people!
Fuck working overtime my job doesn't give it I'm not working like a damn slave if I'm not getting time and a half. Fuck that shit! #Pissed
Just got done krogering for groceries didn't have enough money for my groceries and the person behind me paid for them.
Wow tomorrow I'm legal to drink finally. I can't though cuz if I do that I will end up back using again . Did a lot of thinking on this
Just for today Native American meditation: Great Mystery you are the center.
I love the song master of puppets by metallica so much. It shows what a drug addict does and thinks 24/7. Recovering addict named Jerimy
@amyj105 now I won't be making as much money as thought I would be
@amyj105 I already paid the first 330 dollars last week that's why I was going to work 6 days this week to pay off my loan
@amyj105 I took out car loan for my car a month I got till January 15th to come up with $1060
@amyj105 I'm going off on him when he gets home I'm going to let him have I would be making 900 this week but now I will be making 700
@amyj105 I was supposed to work 6 days let my buddy have my car to cash his check cuz I needed to sleep for like can hour aggravates me
This is the last fucking time I let anybody drive my damn car. No work 2night cuz my ride took way to long 2 cash his check I'm out $200 now
Won't be getting no fucking sleep today. Dreading this 12 hour shift at 7 tonight!!!
Fuck man can't get my window fixed today. Got to buy a regulator from my dealership. Might just buy a new damn fucking door! So over this
Sometimes being a deep thinker can b a curse &amp; a blessing. Right now I'm in a season of doubt in my life. Don't know who to believe
Part of my Christmas present and birthday present is my driver side window getting fixed by my parents. I love them.
The song master of puppets by metallica was my everyday in active addiction. Don't want to go back to my MASTER! Fuck the disease. #ODAAT
The song master of puppets by metallica was my everyday in active addiction. Don't want to go back to my MASTER! Fuck the disease. #ODAAT
AA was more different than NA. Was only a couple people there. Liked it though ill be going to another one next week for sure:
AA meeting in an hour and 9 minutes I'm pumped. So excited haven't gone to bed yet. #ODAAT
Brace yourself right now\nLights out random breathing\nI CANT KEEP SWIMMING CANT KEEP MY HEAD UP! #777underoath
It's amazing how step work makes your day go by much smoother. Yesterday I woke up pissed off @ the whole world. Feeling blessed!
Today we celebrate 11 months &amp; 17 days of me not crawling back to my old master the DRUGS! Today I will not obey my MASTER.
Just for today Native American meditation: Creator keep our feet walking the road you gave us.
Got 20 more questions left on my 2nd step. Then I go over it with my new sponsor. Hell yea I'm pumped. #imbeingrestoredtosanityODAAT
Fuck this I don't want to go back to work. I want to sleep damnnit!
@AuntSlappie ur right my body is used to putting dope in it for 4 months a lot of hallucinogens and some drugs I didn't know what they were
@AuntSlappie I got to much sleep that's the problem
@DaganCanTweet how come bud?
I'm legal to drink in 4 days. Don't know what I'm doing yet. The readings say alcohol has caused a great MANY addicts to relapse. #21soon
Pain without love. Pain I  can't get enough. I like it tough. I would rather feel pain than nothing at all.
The song pain by 3 days grace explains exactly I have been since Saturday. God I want to trip balls so fucking bad. Pain without love!!
I overslept didn't go to my AA meeting this morning. Passed out didn't wake up for the world. Maybe tomorrow I'll go to one.
After a 12 hour shift it's now snack time!
Holy hell i just  found out I work 6 12 hour shifts this week. I'm going to be exhausted. Going to my first AA meeting tomorrow. #tired
Just got a new sponsor. My sponsor was very understanding. I'm getting that one year nothing is going to stop me from getting my year.#ODAAT
Today we celebrate 11 months and 15 days of no matter what I'm not getting high. My disease is unleashing all hell on me. #justfortoday
Just for today: the Native American meditation. Creator help me see the path you want me to walk.
