It looks like there's a big pile of cocaine on my bedside table but really it's lithium that got wet. Still, it makes me feel cool.
AA teaches you to be brutally honest. Customer service teaches you to STFU and fake smile. I'm not transitioning well.
Europa's surgery went great and she's already home. I'm devouring all the candy she gave me. Once I even remembered to share.
At the hospital while Europa is in major surgery. She made me a goodie bag full of candy and a romance novel about a lady pirate.
As it turns out, my archnemesis at the store is a recovering alcoholic. Damnit, now I have to start smiling at her.
I am totally going to die alone. And without a PhD. --bursts into tears--
In downtown Portland we saw a hobo with an iPad.
Researching getting a masters in counseling as the way to reach a PhD in psychology. I just want to be a therapist, GOD.
Cried for the first time in a couple months. Good to know tears can in fact overcome all the mood stabilizers. I'm too sober for this.
Found out it's nearly impossible to get into a graduate psychology program if your bachelor's is in another field. --pained sad face--
Lil Bro and I are watching Netflix with all this on the couch: two iPhones, Surface, KIndle, laptop, and two external hard drives.
New Sponsor was meant to be my sponsor. She grew up in an oil family in The Woodlands and got her masters at Harvard. Major wino too &lt;3
Got a new sponsor. She's a financial analyst who went to Harvard, and she got sober without rehab *or* any emotional support. GodDAMN.
My sponsor fired me. I think. I'm too scared to call her and I don't want to fake-apologize anyway.
...if I weren't on so many kinds of mood stabilizers I'd definitely be crying right now.
The more I research the more impossible it sounds to get into grad school...
The new Harry Potter book is rubbish. The plot is ridiculous and half the people act highly out of character. Big fat MAD FACE.
I have no problem telling people I'm an alcoholic but I refuse to admit I'm in AA. That's so back-asswards.
Lil Bro arrives tomorrow from North Carolina to visit for a week. So I've been cleaning/hiding my stacks of things to fake being an adult.
My car had to undergo 6 minutes with a power washer to get all the sap and tree turds off my car. Stupid nature.
My Red Box disappeared overnight. Does that mean they're going to charge me $20 for THE LAST WITCH HUNTER.
One--ONE--program has all 3 of my desired specialties: mood disorders, substance abuse, and schizophrenia, and it's fucking Harvard.
Less riveting than the new Harry Potter but way less decapitations than \"American Psycho.\" https://t.co/Kz5txg8cDY
I'm not getting an MFA in Creative Writing because I'd most likely make shit money upon finishing and continue to make shit money afterward.
I know what I'm doing all afternoon in this 75 degree weather. https://t.co/9fsJvJEmee
Reading the ending of \"American Psycho.\" I really wish I had a room full of babies and puppies and rainbows right now.
My long-term goal with getting a PhD in psychology is to write books about bipolar disorder and alcoholism. Dr. Vix at your service!
I took half a practice GRE last night and I'll finish this morning. I'm afraid my score will inform me I'm stupid, and I'll be sad.
After months of deliberating, I've decided to apply to grad school. I want to become a therapist. I always fancied a \"Dr.\" before my name.
I felt completely mortified and ashamed to be reminded of how far I've fallen and how far I am from the life I wanted.
...and I haven't been to the dentist since my intern days. #therealfiftyshadesofgrey
The children upstairs have a later bedtime than I do. --shoots shotgun repeatedly at the ceiling--
My dog got shredded chicken on her eyeball.
It's really hard to fall asleep when I can still hear children enjoying themselves outside. Stupid early shift can bite my tricycle.
Got my first sober paycheck today!! That's right, I paid for this roast chicken, not my mommy!
Listening to three foodies discuss hard cheeses is as obnoxious as listening to college freshmen talk about nihilism. #clovecigarettes
The more I work as a cashier, the more fake patience and genuine hatred I have for people.
During sex Lil Lesbian Dog left her teddy bear on his boxers.
My date let me put the tip of my pinky through the circle in his handlebar mustache.
Why do guys think a frowny face emoticon is a compelling argument to change your mind about not fucking them? It doesn't work :(
It's my day off so I'm in my hammock reading a book on sociopaths. I don't think I'm doing this right.
One year ago today I moved to Portland. Best decision I ever made 
If a guy wants me to piss on him, can I ask him to bring me flowers and a burger first?
It's my day off which means I don't have to smile ALL DAY. --smiles, curses--
Oh how I love my iPhone--making it easy for me to sext and poo at the same time since 2011
I think this is what Old feels like.
...but smiling and standing eight hours a day doesn't make me drink, so it's way better than a job in my industry  #smilebitch
I can't look at food anymore.  Especially stuff in boxes. It makes me think of work and where is the fucking barcode hiding.
Fuck smiling. I'm so sick of smiling. My face hurts.
I so incredibly want to shower off all the customer service cooties but that requires standing up on my poor feet. But but but COOTIES
A new fuck buddy wants me to do a golden shower on him. I said sure. Everybody has their weird sex thing, and I like to be accommodating.
Healthcare in Oregon (even the cheap plan) includes alternative medicine like naturopathy and acupuncture. This would be a JOKE in Texas.
Working on step 4 where I list all my resentments and my part in them. Sometimes it's really annoying how AA makes you a better person.
Manager asked why I was so skittish about making mistakes. I said I'm used to mistakes costing thousands of dollars. \"It's just produce.\"
I dreamed about produce last night. Aaaaand this is still way better than returning to an industry job.
It's my day off before working six more days. I took a four hour nap and am vegging out with the Mindy Project. My feet are weeping.
While in my Wholefoods shirt I went shopping at Safeway. Two employees openly snickered at me. Like hell I'm paying $5 for broccoli.
Running the register and bagging are both harder than they look. A thousand apologies for every time I was impatient with someone.
I'm starting to memorize produce codes for my cashier job at Wholefoods. Cilantro 4889 BOOM.
The other day I went to a barbecue and had ribs. I nearly orgasmed when they came off the grill.
You might be manic if your heroin addict boyfriend bails because you're too intense #2013
...aaaaand Manic Vix runs off another guy! Who saw that coming!
I think I met my future husband. This is not a drill.
I haven't even started yet and I already got a $1/hr pay raise for having a friendly demeanor. Glad the GM met Manic Vix first.
I start work at Whole Foods tomorrow at 6:30 in the morning! I am no longer the distasteful --says with snooty British accent-- *unemployed*
My date accused me of pschoanalyzing him. He then asked if I'm doing some kind of research experiment 
Went on a date with a NYC lawyer who was one of the most arrogant people I've ever met and I attended private school for 18 years.
@RandomlyBob I'm moving from a $$$ neighborhood to a $$ neighborhood. Whereas Portland proper is $&amp;@#%
Taped up some boxes to begin packing up my apartment. I'm hoping a physical barricade in the hallway will motivate me to use them.
Today I realized that as a Texan, I am more macho than 80% of the guys in Portland. STOP WEARING WOOL BEANIES IT'S 80 DEGREES
Had another guy write me a poem because I was bored. Guys really will do anything if they want a photo of your ass. Remarkable.
A suitor is writing me a poem about why he wants me to be his mistress. I'm turning him down, but first he has to sweat a bit.
It took me 20 minutes to pluck my eyebrows because I haven't done them since October. I'm rejoining society, bloody eyebrows be damned.
Because my self esteem is shot for barely squeezing into size 18 pants today, here's my ass in all its fatass glory. https://t.co/yNvVNbJO8I
Wow broccoli and cauliflower are amazing with barbeque sauce on them #foodie
I had to ask my mother for money to go buy some new pants for work because I'm so FAT that none of my old ones fit. I'm double mortified.
I don't know how to celebrate without booze. Or money. I think I'll lie on my inflatable couch and imagine buying a real one.
When he told me I'd need to take a urine test, he added right away \"but marijuana is okay, it's Oregon!\"
During the interview I told him I was convalescing. He asked what for (my answer wouldn't affect my hiring), so I said alcoholism. Legal?
Taking a personality test for my potential but mine job. General manager already assured me it's okay if I'm nuts.
I think I got the job? He asked if I have comfortable shoes and told me where to park. So YAY!!!!
Also I'm working some of my old corporate clothes so now that I no longer have a wine glass in my hand, I look like my mother.
Today I'm interviewing with Whole Foods for a cashier position. If I get turned down for this I will cry all the tears on all the vegans.
I'm applying for jobs (prepare yourself) on the other side of the river. My reality tv show begins filming tomorrow.
I found out over email I was turned down for two $12/hr positions at a gourmet grocery store. Thanks for destroying the last of my pride.
Talking to my mother on the phone always makes me so anxious that I have to go lie down.
My mother said yesterday was so stressful that she demanded my father bring home liquor. That's like Mother Teresa wanting a beer.
I can think of examples of my manic depression going back to age 12. We missed so much. I hid so much. What all could have been different?
WHY MUST THERE BE SO MANY GODDAMN VEGANS IN PORTLAND. ALL THE VEGANS
I have looked at so many apartments that when I took a nap I dreamed I was IN a Google map of Tualatin, OR.
I told my old intern (obviously an alcoholic) that I joined AA and I think he was personally affronted. He now shoots tequila for me.
...we didn't even discuss living together because there is no doubt that we would drive each other stark raving mad. It is known.
I'm moving soon and Europa is moving in October so we're going to rent from the same complex and have mad Netflix marathons.
A guy on https://t.co/JeCZcugGE7 texted me \"Feeling better?\" Then BOOM unsolicited dick pic. At least let me reply first.
I'm coming down off my mania and I'm wincing as I wait for the switch to flip. Fuck manic depression. And HAPPY FREAKING MONDAY.
OH MY GOD THE GAME OF THRONES FINALE WAS SO GOOD SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE --collapses on floor from excessive squeeing--
Been asleep all day the last two days with a cold. Medication only helps so much. --meekly throws things--
I politely pointed out to a 23 year old that his dick pics might look nicer without a toilet in the background. Youngsters know nothing!
Guy Wednesday took one look at my pussy and asked me if I'd ever been a man. I threw a rawhide bone at him and said what the FUCK, dude?!
Made Boy Toy answer sex questions correctly before I'd fuck him. Such a quick learner!
Had an interview today. It wasn't terrible but it wasn't great either. Clearly I should send a fruit basket.
HOW ELSE WILL HE LEARN. https://t.co/l0v5iFYDmq
Told Boy Toy if he got me pregnant I'd hang him upside down by his scrotum. Okay *now* I get why guys think I'm murdery.
...and her boyfriend told her she's not allowed to read more without him. Awwwwwwww
Europa's boyfriend read aloud my old OEN book manuscript to her while she cooked. She said they were both laughing the whole time :D
Broke a dick.
Why the hell do guys on https://t.co/JeCZcugGE7 keep asking if I'm going to murder them? There have been FOUR. Do I look that murdery?
If I don't get a job soon, I'm sacrificing a goddamn cow to the gods, and its little calf too.
I think this 25 year-old has sent me a photo of every hard-on he's ever had. Sweetie come on I'M TOO BUSY FOR YOUR STUPID PENIS.
Yesterday when I told a guy I'm bipolar, he asked if I was going to murder him. I smiled sweetly and said yes.
I'm not a player. I'm NICE. I tell people upfront what I'm (not) looking for. And then I give them advice on how to get girls. NOT A PLAYER.
Europa called me a player too. She said I always know exactly what to say or do because I've played the field for so long. Um...
Someone tried to booty call me at 2:30 last night. Silly twentysomethings.
Turns out I'm getting some in two hours, so I'm now eating half a pineapple for maximum tasty cunt-honey. Helps wine cravings too.
Apparently a lot of people think you should have only one fuck buddy and be monogamous. That makes NO SENSE.
Wednesday is a Hawaiian guy who looks like a heavily muscled Jonathan Rhys-Meyers. I'm riding this train of great mistakes to the end.
Ate half a container of vanilla frosting. Good to know I have the same quirks sober and all my adorableness wasn't just inebriation.
Manic who's manic I'M NOT MANIC oooooh look at all the pretty dick
Europa said I should never be on a reality tv show because I would just turn everyone against each other in pursuit of sleeping with me.
Happy Father's Day to all the amazing dads out there! I know my own father deserves a 70s Corvette for all the shit I've put him through.
A sub crawled across my path and he's begging to hear ways I plan to humiliate him. Hey, whatever gets your rocks off. LICK MY SHOES, BITCH.
I have a coffee date with a guy who looks like Bane except his biceps are EVEN BIGGER. And he's very sweet and likes licking ass.
I dreamed that my mother had starting organizing a gangbang for me. Two men sat there VERY confused but were extremely attractive. Go Mom!
I cancelled a hookup because he refused to pick up a burger on the way to my place, even if I paid him back. Ooooh wrong call, twatwaffle.
Okay I found my future husband. He likes strap-on sex and Battlestar Galactica, and he's cute. BOOM.
I've found not one but two guys who love getting pegged. Actually, they both found me. Freaks attract freaks, I guess. And 21 year olds.
I was asked how I'm doing so well on https://t.co/JeCZcugGE7. Simple: I'm cute and I mention multiple orgasms in my profile.
Soldier just booty-called me at 8 am. Oh my god, is this how grown-ups have sex? But I need the cover of night! My jiggliness!!
Take advantage of a manicy and procrastinating Vix and email me! vixoen@gmail.com *glitter stickers not included.
I printed off my entire Twitter archive. It took 389 pages front and back in 8 pt font. I had no idea my hilarity was so substantial.
A 23 year-old sniffed me out as if he KNEW I love pegging [fucking a guy with a strap-on] and happily volunteered his ass. I love youngin's.
Soldier, who called three times a day including the day after, disappeared after it came out I'm schtupping other guys. Gee, sensitive much?
The 21 year old was surprisingly good in bed. And hung. I introduced him to Magnum condoms and he was like, whoa, that's so much better!
Even when we aren't talking about the logistics of my broken life, just talking to my mother makes me want to drink. --head on table--
A guy is sending me a photo of his dick with a monocle and a top hat, plus a haiku, as a belated happy birthday. Points for creativity.
I think I scared off one guy when I mentioned I'm bipolar. What?! We would only by fuck buddies, exactly how often would you see the crazy!
Sexting 3 guys and researching a company I'm applying to tomorrow. Over-Educated Nympho at work. Also, someone ate all my cake.
Texting with someone I met on https://t.co/JeCZcuyi2H years ago. Apparently I tried to peg him? That was news to me. Oopsies.
The newest one is into pegging. It's a Hanukkah miracle! --throws multi-colored lube packets into air like glitter--
A 23 year old messaged me because he's into older women. This is the third one. Am I a cougar if they all approached *me*?
A beautiful buff blond 19 year old surfer in California is very eagerly awaiting me for his trip to Portland aka Cougartown next month.
Twirled in the forest spirit winds, chanted \"oompa loompa\" and sacrificed a goat to the gods of https://t.co/zD2SS3IjNc.
Today I've received two custom poems from Match guys. Portland guys 1, Texas guys 13.
My fuck last night has called me 3 times today. This is unprecedented territory. Please advise.
Got laid! Don't tell my sponsor!!
Oh my god, I think I'm getting a Netflix cuddle session before having sex with the big beatiful black RIPPED AS FUCK former soldier tonight.
I think I have officially become a cougar. All these terrifically young guys keep messaging me on https://t.co/JeCZcugGE7.
I've gotten dates with a gorgeous 21 year old girl and a big ripped black guy. Looks like my luck has changed. Biiiig time.
WHAT ABOUT ME SAYS I LIKE FOOT FETISHESTS. THEY KEEP COMING AT ME
For giggles I'm looking at writing jobs. Most want samples. Great, I'll submit \"How to Give a Blowjob\" right away.
I'm so sick of writing cover letters. I just want to write BECAUSE I'M AWESOME YOU DICKHOLE.
I have a date tomorrow night with a guy who thinks I'm a goddess. Yeah I'm just going to roll with that.
All these guys on https://t.co/JeCZcugGE7 keep saying I'm pretty. I'm like OKAY ASSHOLE WHAT KIND OF MIND GAME IS THIS
I've been on https://t.co/JeCZcugGE7 for a mere two hours and have already gotten messages by two guys with handlebar mustaches.
I got my 5 month chip at AA today. Once upon a not so long ago time, that sounded impossible. Now if only I had a hot naked man to celebrate
Apparently when I get really horny, I crave booze. Tonight I nearly assaulted a 90 lb hipster for his beer. I don't even LIKE beer.
It's been a year and Persian Guy still gets hard every time he drives past my old house. #awwwthatssosweet
Touch. https://t.co/u31n3i80wT
I just know it's version 17 of my resume that's going to get me a job. -throws glitter up in the air--
Had an altercation with a neighbor. She called me a bitch, and I called her a bigger bitch. Oh, how my wit knows no bounds!
There is a noticeable lack of cake in my household.
It's not polite to ask to have your picture taken with a homonculus, is it?
I'm getting shot at in my dreams again. At least this time I had an AK 47 to shoot back.
I have seven versions of my resume. Great, even my resume has a personality disorder.
Found a job I mostly qualify for that makes six figures a year. Is it considered bribery if I send them an organic fruit basket?
Went to the industry website for jobs and found a listing for the job I got fired from. Fuck this, I am so going back to bed,
So starting the day with job searching was a terrible idea. Where are the generic jobs for smart people? Right here under the covers.
My inflatable couch is dying. I might just have a pile of blankets and pillows on the floor soon.
I refuse to turn 35 on Thursday. I'm just going to consider my 34th year a do-over until I get it right, like the movie Groundhog's Day.
Sponsor said to always call her before I take Xanax. Hey, you're not the boss of me! Wait. Shit. Yes she is.
When the pharmacist saw my Big Book that says ALCOHOLICS ANONYMOUS, he looked at me with such judgment I wanted to STAB STAB TAMPON STAB him
I think I broke my brain from ALL THE THINGS.
--twirling-- I love being maniiiiiiic! --applies for 15 jobs, paints toenails, and writes soon-to-be bestselling 1000 page fantasy book--
So going on half my lithium dose was bad during my 5 days of debilitating depression, but the last 3 days of being manicy have been awesome.
Picking up new month of meds today. Sniff sniff, say goodbye to hypomanic Vix. For now. DUN DUN DUNNN
\"Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life\" - J.K. Rowling. Well then my life is looking pretty good from down here
Yesterday a strange child surprised me with a hug around my neck. I was like, thank you! I DO radiate warmth and eventual motherhood!
Target in the suburbs of Portland doesn't open until 8 am. Crazy fucking mountain people. Crazy hipsters sleeping in when I have a SITUATION
My coffee maker broke. I'm throwing Xanax at it because that always helps when *I* STOP FUCKING WORKING.
I made a new friend who has neon violet hair and talks &amp; moves like water. It's like meeting a real live pixie.
Would I lose cred if I fucked a hipster? Even if he looks *exactly* like Jon Snow when he takes off the purple fedora? *real fedora
Sitting out on the curb with a purse full of coloring books and felt like a major nerd when the cute boy walked by. Do we ever grow up?
Listening to playlist from when Persian Guy and I drank a bottle of Patron, jump!jump!jumped! &amp; danced to. Sometimes I miss Drunk Manic Vix.
Listening to playlist from when Persian Guy and I drank a bottle of Patron, jump!jump!jumped! &amp; danced to. Sometimes I miss Drunk Manic Vix.
Watched original Fantasia last night. I think that's the reason five year-old me grew up to get an art degree for funsies.
Sobriety Sister also thought I was getting close to relapsing. Fuck severe depression until it rips in half.
I don't remember what sex is like. I vaguely recall feet in the air and someone yelling STOP PUSHING, DAMNIT.
I've been depressed and skipping AA, so Sponsor is worried I'm going to relapse. Hey it's only 85% my fault that my life sucks.
My brain is still mush from years of booze. I make the stupidest mistakes on simple things constantly. It's beyond unnerving.
I'm on the depression swing of my bipolar cycle. Boo hoo. Good news is I haven't thought about drinking. --gives self a glitter sticker--
My sponsor thinks I'm over medicated. I don't think anyone has ever told me that ever.
I'm getting pissed off that there are so many great jobs with awesome salaries that OH WAIT I don't actually qualify for. BITE ME.
Lil Lesbian Dog is sitting on the couch staring at the tv as if she can will Downton Abbey to turn on.
MUST YOU BE SUCH A CALENDAR NAZI https://t.co/UmdFdDyekL
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Drink cinco margaritas for me! Tis the nectar of the Mexican gods.
My inflatable couch has started bulging in weird places. We now have the same body type.
Happy Star Wars Day! May the fourth be with you. --plays with light saber app--
Texting with Persian Guy back in Texas and he said he's dating someone now. Instantly I felt this roar of \"MINE\" but he was just a FWB.
This weekend I'm going to an AA retreat with my sobriety family. I'll be in the car with my sponsor, a ninja of the psyche, for 3 hours. Eep
I'm researching companies and writing cover letters all day. Yaaaaawn. Just give me a paycheck for being awesome, mm'kay?
Sunshine and birds and flowers: It's the perfect spring day for a margarita. --throws things across the room and stalks off--
Last night Europa came over for New Girl and gave me a Minions coloring book--WITH STICKERS. Best Saturday night in ages.
A month shy of my 35th birthday and the tendons in my hands and wrists have started to hurt from writing. Fuck middle age.
At my first AA meeting since having bronchitis. Found out my favorite girl friend there is dating my future husband. GodDAMNIT.
I found a couple industry jobs to apply for, and I'm very very depressed at this prospect. But I'd have a 401(k)! 
Dreamed that I had sex with a transvestite. To be fair, s/he was really hot.
Watching Game of Thrones with my dragon claw goblet full of lemonade just isn't the same. Damn, I miss wine.
Writing this book is like doing a 10,000 piece puzzle. It's been three years and I'm STILL sorting pieces.
The jobs I was looking at pay so little that I haven't made that since I was in college. Sigh. Time for a new plan.
It's a happening Saturday night and I'm sober and researching retail jobs. So not what I expected when I moved to Portland.
As much as my ex Olympian was a dick, it was worth dating him because he introduced me to Stargate and Battlestar Galactica. Thanks, babe!
Anyone out there remember when you had to pay for the Internet by the hour? Yeah now it would be like $100 a day. #aolcds
I've gotten as much done on my book in four days as I would normally have done in six months. GO ME.
I haven't taken a Xanax in two months. Let's see if I hold up as well once I get a job. --shakes full bottle of Xanax like a maraca--
My AA friend Europa and I have become really close. I finally have a real friend in Portland! And she's prettttttty.
SQUEEEEEEEEETWODAYSTOGAMEOFTHRONESPREMIEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Happy 420, potheads! May the high ever be in your favor.
I've been rereading old notes for my fantasy book and it's all actually quite good--extra impressive considering I was almost always drunk.
I haven't listened to music in six months because I feel I don't deserve to. How many kinds of fucked up is that.
Ahh, is there anything as glorious as starting a new notebook? Okay, sex. And bacon. Also dragon stickers. No, dragon stickers WITH GLITTER.
Since I've hardly worked on my book since I moved to Portland, I'm spending my last free days working on it. --wields pen and glasses--
As soon as my bronchitis is gone I'm going to start looking for a job. NOT one in my industry or I'd probably start drinking again.
Game of Thrones starts on Sunday!!!!!!!!!!!!!  --shakes booty like a Polaroid picture--
Bestie sent me photos of the flooding in Houston. And that's not even the shitty weather reason I left. FUCK THE HUMIDITYYYYY
Still sober! And still highly medicated! Woo hoo! --puts glitter sticker on forehead and juggles pill bottles--
Sorry I've been so quiet lately. I'm not depressed or anything, I just have nothing worth sharing. Except PENCIL FARTS.
Hmm. It's been so long since I was thin, I've forgotten what it's like. --pokes jiggliness--
I've lost 15 pounds since giving up booze, and that's with me and a no-holds-barred sweet tooth and no exercise. Imagine if I tried.
I have fucking bronchitis which means I'm contagious which means I can't go to my AA meetings anytime soon. Also COUGH COUGH COUGH.
@ttodhunter Like I wouldn't still haunt you. Miss you!!! xoxoxo
I'm 90 days sober! I'm tempted to get nekkid and cover myself in glitter stickers in celebration.
My Kindle is hiding from me. And the damn thing is so skinny and easy to blend in. Accio Kindle! Ohp, that's a stick from the fireplace.
My favorite AA friend broke up with her live-in boyfriend. She set up an online dating account &amp; is buying a new mattress. My kind of girl.
I dreamed I was drinking classic martinis at a hotel bar. I was furious to waste a good drinking dream on anything involving vermouth.
Tonight at AA I introduced myself to my future husband. He's tall, dark, and dreamy. He has a curl like Superman. --heart flutters-
I just ate half a cake. And you know what? It was GODDAMN MAGICAL.
I said \"irregardless\" today. I feel like I should be flogged.
A new friend is at rehab telling me how wonderful (and $$$$$$$$) it is. I'm like, awww man, I wanna go!!Where can I find $$$$$$$$?
I found some scariness in the back of the fridge. I'd throw the whole pot out, but my dumbass decided to upgrade to Calphalon last year.
I can't wait to see my family at the new lakehouse in June. I want to share all my newfound love &amp; happiness with them. ALL THE WARM FUZZIES
I think I was more mature at 20 than I am now at 34. (This is the part where Vix the Drunk would go for a big fat refill)
Getting sober is like being an animal trapped in ice for 100 years then starting to thaw out enough to move. Life is coming back, but slowly
Happy Zombie Day! If one gets close, just spray it with bleach. Worked for my stubborn tile stains.
We found out today that Sponsor's sponsor is moving to California in a month. She's devastated. I told her she's never allowed to leave me.
I was wishing there was a way to write something down then remove it without a trace. It took me two minutes to realize that's a pencil.
Less than a month to the new season of \"Game of Thrones\"! That I have no way to watch legally! Shit! BUT I MUST HAVE MY KHALEESI TIME.
I had a very lustful dream about chocolate cake (but not booze!). Then at AA they gave me extra chocolate cupcakes to take home. Happy days.
Boobs. I'm not dead. BOOBS.
After AA a cute guy came up &amp; started a conversation with me. I thought he was flirting but nope, wedding ring. AA people are too damn nice.
Right on schedule, my depression beast came roaring to life. I've been hiding from it in bed all evening.
The coloring book section nearly made me piss myself. I chose one, \"PIRATE QUEENS: Notorious Women of the Sea\" for $3.99 b/c I've been good.
At Powell's with Dr. Barbie shopping for children's books. I highly recommend \"Toot!\" It's all about farting tee hee hee heeeee
In my next life I want to come back as a donut with sprinkles. My life would be brief but brilliant. https://t.co/yZicKFzyPI
THE TENTACLE IS DOWN I REPEAT THE TENTACLE IS DOWN. IM GOING FOR THE HEAD
Now the tentacle in my kitchen wants to know if I have a Wii. Kitchen creatures sure are demanding. --throws another bottle of bleach at it-
Alcoholics call St. Patrick's Day \"amateur night.\" I don't even give two shits about today.
I remember tweeting this from the armchair at my writing desk, feeling completely wrecked &amp; wretched inside. https://t.co/mNl8A9XTXZ
My sticker stash including my new emoji ones ($8, eep! There goes my fun money). Worth it 
I thinking I'm having a quarter-life crisis ten years late, because I'm so behind everyone else. #whyIdontdofacebook
The tentacle in the kitchen wants to know if I have Netflix.
When my dogs want to be fed they go stand next to the food bag and stare at me meaningfully. Once I even caught Lil Lesbian licking the bag.
I'm getting very suspicious about these continuous good moods. It feels like someone is fucking with me. --looks in corner for evil monkey--
Today I'm developing and writing a relapse prevention plan, and it is as boring as it sounds. I feel like I'm writing a goddamn term paper.
For the first time in my life I have to distinguish between whether I'm hypomanic happy or genuinely \"I like my life\" happy. HAPPY FACE.
Because every day is awesome as fuck for one reason or another.  U2 \"Beautiful Day\" Live at Slane Castle https://t.co/0J1a14zCke
Time change, ack! --hisses at the sun--
At AA people have started telling me that I look brighter, that I look good. I guess when I came in I looked as broken as I felt.
At AA tonight I saw my future husband. I wanted to introduce myself and call dibs on him a year from now when I'm dating again.
Got laid for the first time since I got laid off. It's the same as I remember. Wee.
My fuck buddy came over and spent the first hour laying on my bed and talking like a therapy session. To be fair, I DO give excellent advice
OH MY GOD AMAZON HAS EMOJI STICKERS I THINK I JUST PEED MYSELF A LITTLE
I would give someone else's first born child to curl up with a bottle or two of wine and watch Netflix all night.
I think the smell is coming from the trash can. --throws bleach and Febreeze at it, runs away--
I feel so unattractive, unsexy, and gross that I find it wake-up-a-waterbug ABSURD that someone is voluntarily having sex with me tomorrow.
I love AA. Right off the bat, you exchange details of all your defects and mental disorders, but it's months before you share last names.
I have a new friend, who has also had paranoid delusions. She's even been institutionalized! Naturally, I invited her to come over and play.
I can smell my kitchen. --pokes longest tentacle, squeals, runs away--
I'm interested in seeing if Contractor thinks I've changed since he last saw me, when I was still drinking. He might just see boobs though.
YOU ARE SHITTING ME. When a reader told me my amethyst sobriety ring is anti-intoxication, I thought it was a joke. https://t.co/2i5XgjbF3B
I just bought a 14 dollar plunger. Little Ms. Fancy Shits strikes again.
After AA today, Sobriety Sister and I went for an impromptu walk in the state park down the street. Suck it, Houston.
Is it rude to ask my new friend if her sponsor's makeup is tattooed on? This is a real question.
I dreamed that my ex Chef moved to Portland to be with me then walked out halfway through our first date back together. WTF.
My life goals workbook says to make a vision collage of what I want for my future. HELL YES. I'm breaking out the magazines and glitter pens
I'm 60 days sober today! Just three months ago I never would have believed this. --covers self in glitter stickers and twirls happily--
Remember Coach? The basketball season ended. He apologized for being a dumbass and wants to take me out. Hmmm.
The plum trees in Oregon are blooming  https://t.co/yGAFVXG1u5
I try not to hiss every time the sun comes out. I definitely moved to the right city for this.
That last tweet was a major downer so--RAINBOWS UNICORNS SPARKLE FINGERS PUTTING GLITTER STICKERS ON THINGS
At 58 days sober I'm no longer wallowing in what a miserable drunk I am, but what an awful human being I am instead. Progress!
I love the blooming plum trees outside my window. I'm very tempted to go put stickers on them.
Went to Sponsor's house last night for a meditation lesson. Seeing her in flannel, makeup off, and barefoot made her way less scary. Mostly.
The 14 carat amethyst ring my very generous folks gave me for making it to 30 days sober! (Now on day 57) https://t.co/QOWAp3ToBS
Woke up in a terrible mood for no reason. Punched myself and went back to bed.
Fuck life rehab homework. It's basically \"write a detailed essay about how you're a sub-par human being.\" I need way more stickers for this.
Forgot my meds last night, woke up this morning with awful anxiety. Hiding under the covers until the coast is clear.
Ate the entire mixing bowl of brownie batter for lunch. Oddly I'm not losing weight after giving up alcohol. How curious.
Dreamed that I was getting drunk on martinis. Lucid me was pissed that I gave up my sobriety for martinis because I think they're disgusting
I think the Mormons are starting to hate me because I ask too many piercing questions. Saying I want to be a Buddhist probably didn't help.
It's a good thing I'm not a mean drunk anymore or by now I would have keyed my upstairs neighbor's car for being a royal asshole.
At a women's meeting of AA today, several of us got into a conversation about how much we love to color. I FUCKING LOVE COLORING.
Pencil farts.
There are a *lot* of things I haven't tweeted these last two days of hypomania. If I never wind up in a psych ward, I'll be shocked.
Contractor is trying to get an invite for naked time tonight but I'm like, I'm sorry but I'm busy waiting for my dog to turn into a kumquat.
Told my sponsor that I feel like I have one foot in another dimension. She fielded that like a champ. And told me to go lie down.
BEING HYPOMANIC DOESNT MEAN IM CRAZY IT JUST MEANS I REALLY LOVE STICKERS *ALL THE STICKERS*
I'm feeling very Alice in Wonderland today. Like if a tree turned into a toad in front of me, I wouldn't be the slightest bit surprised.
Being sober and hypomanic is weird. I think the booze actually slowed me down. Now I'm like OH MY GOD I HAVE TO PUT STICKERS ON EVERYTHING.
Found an anti-psychotic on the floor in a pile of crumbs. Yeeeeep, that about sums things up.
--running past wine aisle with coffee in hand-- You are so much hotter than my new boyfriend, you asshaaaaaaat!
Listening to John Legend's \"All of Me\" and tearing up over the husband I'm not yet good enough for. But I will be one day.
The next time the Mormons come over, I'm getting them to haul my huge-ass Christmas tree to the dumpster for me. That's SERVICE, bitches.
OH MY GOD THE MORMONS KEEP COMING BACK. And they brought a young bright-eyed one I couldn't say no to, lest he burst into tears. SNEAKY.
Just found that I have an ironing board. I didn't even know that had made it in the move. Remarkable.
At 65 degrees and sunny it's the first hammock day of the season here in Portland. Look at me, all happy and shit. https://t.co/xT4b6gaAzB
An AA acquaintance shared something I'd said at another meeting yesterday. I got retweeted in real life. REAL LIFE JAZZ HANDS.
Today my new friend I both squeed over our favorite wine glass being Baccarat and back-up favorite by Riedel. --fancy pants SQUEEEEE--
The Mormons are back, they're knocking on my door! --hides under covers--
I love rich old ladies from AA. They buy me food and share nuggets of wisdom gleaned from decades of therapy &lt;3
Apparently my most productive time of the day is 4 am. I already go to the 6:30 am AA meetings. Oh my god AM I MORNING PERSON?
On my list of future career choices I included \"butterfly\" and \"putting stickers on things.\"
Tomorrow I'm having coffee with a very put-together woman who looks like she should be in charge of the world. Or at least me.
I love how there's a jazz hands emoji. Maybe this world isn't so wretched after all. JAZZ HANDS.
It's been awhile since I've wanted to throw fistfuls of lithium at anyone. Yay, I'm becoming a better person already!
I told Sponsor she'd divorce me if she saw the state of my kitchen. Also, problem: I haven't done dishes sober in yeeeears. PICKLE.
--running past wine aisle-- I'm still in love with you, you fucking DIIIIIICCCCKKKKK
Just gave an impassioned speech at AA comparing getting sober to breaking up with a really hot and toxic boyfriend. I'm ready for TED now.
I put a gold star sticker on Lil' Lesbian's forehead and now I'm calling her Wonder Dog. Next is a red dish towel for a cape.
I had an extremely detailed dream about cake frosting. It was obscene, like there definitely were times there should have been a black bar.
Self rehab is me with a journal/notebook, workbooks, the Big Book, books addressing all my many shortcomings, and a highlighter. It's super.
Today is my first proper self-rehab day in a week since my body went all Sleeping Beauty on me. I feel like a teacher is going to yell at me
...and try not to say how much I would happily rip their spine out through their mouth if that meant I could have wine without penalties.
When people ask me how sobriety is going (day 47), I just bat my eyes prettily and smile...
There's a couple in my morning AA meeting who run a bar. They deserve a trophy every single day they don't drink. Blimey.
Here's a chilling thought: think how much worse off I'd be now if I had been a drug addict too--which is exactly why I refused to touch them
Does anyone have an HBO Go or HBO Now account I could use to watch the new \"Girls\" and \"Game of Thrones\"? Please with tittysprinkles on top?
I have neither mono nor pneumonia. Doc said all the sleeping is probably my body recovering from the years of cruelty I inflicted on it.
After the urgent care doctor found out I'm bipolar and newly sober he's been treating me like some kind of exotic bird. --maws rudely--
My friends think I either have mono or walking pneumonia. As soon as I can stay awake for two hours, I'm visiting a doctor.
--nodding wisely--  Boobs.
Update: all is well and good. I'm no crazier than I was yesterday.
Rescheduled interview. Sorry, feeling psychotic today. Thursday good?
Today is such a weird day. I feel like each eye is in a different dimension. Wasn't this supposed to stop happening when I sobered up?
I have that interview tomorrow. --squeaks, runs and hides in closet--
When the Mormons asked me why I still have my Christmas tree up, I said it provides great ambient lighting.
My old college friend Dr. Barbie is flying up to visit in a month! I can't wait for her to show me Portland.
--running past wine aisle-- I love you I hate you you crazy biiiiiiiitch!
My favorite AA meeting is located between a liquor store and a goddamn bar. Thank god the meeting is at 6:30 in the morning.
Roses, sappy cards, and titty sprinkles to all you assholes in love.
In an auditorium full of people, I was the only one who laughed at a dead cat stored in a freezer. Actually I snorted. LIKE A SOCIOPATH.
My Saturday night routine is going to the big AA speaker meeting. But I was so much more exciting when I stayed home with wine &amp; Netflix.
But I *am* much cooler on the Internet. --waves pom-poms-- https://t.co/SUC79JR0bW
Today my sponsor said I look brighter and happier. Probably because I finally got out of my frumpy yoga pants.
Went to dinner with Europa and her friends to celebrate her being 2 years sober. Her bestie and I totally clicked. Yay, more friends!
At AA a guy told us about his meth head friend who says he was a pharaoh in a past life. Everyone laughed; my face fell. He's bipolar.
I'm going through a bipolar disorder workbook and there's a section on \"staying safe from suicide.\" I gave it a frowny SpongeBob sticker.
Getting fired turned out to be a blessing in disguise. I doubt I'd be sober right now if I still had a job. It got the ball rolling.
That interview for contract work finally came through. I'm so ready to take in a nice fat hourly fee and not be so painfully broke.
So... --whispering-- I'm kinda sorta, like, *happy.* -ish. --blink blink--
After all that Joseph Smith talk I have a huge craving to sit down with my book on Buddhism for a palate cleanser. Tell me true, Dalai Lama!
...I feel like a shit for declaring someone's religion *wrong.* I think there's a lot of hooey in Mormonism but that doesn't mean it's wrong
Mormons are coming over this afternoon to tell me about their religion. I am hypomanic and SO EXCITED TO TALK ABOUT GOD FOR HOURS.
OH MY GOD WHY IS EVERYONE ON DOWNTON ABBEY SO MEAN
--runs across wine aisle with grocery cart at top speed-- CURSE YOU, DEMON SEEEEEEED
FYI alcoholics drive drunk all the time at every hour of the day. Their parents didn't put breathalyzers on *their* cars. Drive accordingly.
FYI alcoholics drive drunk all the time at every hour of the day. Their parents didn't put breathalyzers on *their* cars. Drive accordingly.
I would have joined AA way sooner if someone had told me how insanely easy it is to make friends. I'm POPULAR. OH MY GOD.
Wow, people really don't like it when you ask if you can touch their pants.
My young neighbor had an altercation yada yada the cops were so hot I wanted to climb them like a tree. #sincewhenismylifenotaporno
A girl befriended me because she keeps relapsing and she said I look so grounded and solid, she wants to know how I'm doing it. --beams--
Today I met my grand-sponsor and great-grand-sponsor. The heavens opened up and horns trumpeted from on high. I may have definitely squeed.
Sponsor held a party to celebrate her sponsor's (my grand-sponsor) 25th sobriety birthday. That's going to be me one day.
I'm 30 days sober today! --booty shakes in Wonder Woman underpants--
Got a notice from the apartment management that I need to dispose of all my Halloween pumpkins. Sure, right after my Christmas tree.
Since my full-time job is to stay sober and heal, I'm now at my third meeting of the day. That's a hell of a lot of serenity.
I went to a meeting that was full of every bad AA stereotype. If that had been my first meeting, I never would have come back. --shudders--
That thing they tell you about how drugs and alcohol kill brain cells? COMPLETELY TRUE. And it takes over a year for them to come back.
My sobriety sister (same sponsor) and I are becoming fast friends. I want to pick her up in a bear hug and shake her until she squeals.
I sat next to an old lady who kept looking at me in complete fear. How can I be scary when I literally have rainbows &amp; unicorns on my pants.
I'm at the grocery store and the tinking of far-off wine bottles is like goddamn angel bells to my ears.
I swear I've gone through a full manic-depressive cycle today. I thought that wasn't supposed to happen anymore after I laid off the wine.
Today I saw an old man stick out his tongue at another old man. Who knew Alcoholics Anonymous would be so whimsical.
While at Starbucks I told a middle aged woman that she looks great and she later gave me a gift card as a thank you. Warm &amp; pretty fuzzies!
It's been nearly a month since my last drink and I still have shitty short-term memory and am generally missing about 30 IQ points. Jeez.
According to an older woman from AA, I look like I'm still in college because she asked me where I go to school. She said I look 23.
I lost most of today to depression. I really really thought really hard about drinking but I talked myself out of it.
Going hiking tomorrow with my Sex and the City friends because that's what Oregonians do for fun. How peculiar these people are.
Woke up to Lil Lesbian licking a pair of my underwear in the laundry pile. That's the most action I've gotten in nearly two months.
I can now say with complete confidence that yes, actually, Cards Against Humanity IS way more fun if you're all drinking.
Knocked the huge specials sign over with my purse. It's nice to blame Michael Kors and not my ass for once.
Showed up an hour early to Europa's dinner at the wings place, oops. Ordered a club soda at the bar then sat as far away as possible from it
Dear Ol' Dad dreamed I was all in white on a huge white tiger and I walked slowly by with my dogs at my side. I like his dreams way more.
Dreamed that a velociraptor got into the house and was trying to eat us but I escaped. The alcoholism metaphors are getting old, brain.
I feel the bipolar tides turning toward depression. Time to really test my sobriety and resolve. Le sigh.
...and in spite of all these terrible stories I hear everyday in AA, a part of me would cut my own spine out for a bottle of wine.
I can't believe how many alcoholics have managed to stay alive in spite of themselves. That's beyond medical science, that's fucking God.
I think my group of Portland girl friends from a few months ago dropped me. Severe depression is reliable that way.
Told my sponsor that my apartment is beautiful and well decorated, but covered in a layer of mess. \"That profile applies to you,\" she said.
Today I'm 21 days sober, and I have absolutely no idea when the last time was I went more than 21 days without a drink. I'm guessing 8-9 yrs
My mother is learning how to use her first smartphone. I wonder if she was this proud when I took my first steps.
It's so cute to see sixtysomething men fist bump.
Every day that I'm sober, I hate myself a little less.
Drinking coffee while cooking is so not the same as drinking wine while cooking. --sticks tongue out at coffee mug--
Writing a post for my new blog and... wow. My writing is really rusty. Dare I say *bad*? IT'S BAD. It may be another week before I launch.
Living in three different cities, both my parents and I were all sick at the same time. Awww, my parents are always so supportive!
Why would my period be nearly a week late if I'm on the pill and haven't had sex in over six weeks? --pokes ovaries angrily--
Europa invited me to a party of sober people to play Cards Against Humanity. I am psyched even if they're all in their twenties.
Since I missed today's meeting because of my cold, Sponsor told me to phone 3 AA members and talk. I have a sobriety sister! We bonded.
Have a cold for the first time in ages, listening to AA speakers on YouTube, and coloring in my GoT coloring book. Also, ALL THE TANG.
Please explain the foot fetish to me because I think it's completely gross. It's like the one thing I refuse to accommodate in bed.
What is something fun that two girls can do out on a Saturday night without booze or men? We're both clueless.
Bridget Jones's Diary is an *awful* movie for a newly sober person because there is booze EVERYWHERE. I kept wanting to lick the screen.
Had a great time hanging out with Europa, my new AA friend, who it turns out is 25. I am getting mad at this age group in Portland.
...which naturally means I'm cleaning for the first time in over a month. I want to be her friend THAT BAD.
My new friend Europa (the platinum Krysten Ritter/potential sponsor) is coming over tonight for movies, coloring, and dog play date. SQUEEEE
The current state of my Christmas tree. Yep, SOBER. https://t.co/SHWxoxTxv3
16 days sober! --attempts cartwheel, falls over, squishes boob--
I asked Sponsor about casual sex during my first year and she actually stammered until saying, \"let's cross that bridge when we come to it!\"
...and the liquor store is in a nice part of town so the window display is reeeeally pretty. I want to plaster my face to the glass &amp; weep.
For two of my AA meetings I park in a lot with a goddamn liquor store 50 ft away. Yeah, real funny, God. Hardy fucking har.
Today I had coffee with one woman from AA and now another asked me to hang out Friday night. I love AA so hard.
Apparently it is frowned upon to date OR boink anyone during your first year of sobriety. BUT SEX IS SELF-SOOTHING THERAPY.
In AA they say when you first started drinking heavily is when you stopped maturing. Great, so I can tell people I'm in my mid-20s.
Self rehab is going great. Daily I reward a job well done with glitter stickers and chocolate. ...And now it seems I'm boring.
Helping Persian Guy shop for a butt plug. Good to know I have at least one area of expertise outside my career. --vibrates--
I just asked the 90 lb valley girl to be my sponsor because she scares me a little. Good. I need someone to kick my ass into happiness.
I woke up craving a glass of wine. *Fuck.* I need to hide my car keys. So much for sobriety being \"relatively easy.\"
I moved 2300 miles to get away from my drinking problem. Obviously moving to PORTLAND was brilliant. #eventhedoghasamicrobrewery
There may or may not be a new blog in the works. Stay tuned.
I had to have Dear Ol' Dad pay for my car to be fixed. I never thought at age 34 I'd still be taking out loans from the Bank of Mom &amp; Dad.
Despite my new overindulgence in sweets, I'm losing weight. My body must still be used to an extra 1000 calories of wine everyday.
Dreamed that I was pregnant and ecstatic. No guy. I could feel myself glowing. I GOT IT, biological clock, calm the fuck down.
13 days sober has been relatively easy, which concerns me. What if I relapse soon when the depression part of my bipolar cycle kicks in?
I had dinner with another potential sponsor today. I don't think she's mean enough to kick my ass the way I need. Good friend though.
I'm going to actually start exercising tomorrow, because my addiction recovery books told me to. Great, I'll jog with Oreos in my pocket.
I got an interview next week for doing some part time work! Thanks to someone I met in AA. It's quite the place to network. Who knew.
For the first time I met a hipster who I thought was hot. And the water here doesn't taste so bad anymore. I'm becoming a Portlander!
Dreamed that a skyscraper was bombed but I managed to get my group out in time. Then I flew all up and down to make sure all was okay.
Heh. I got to hug two really hot guys at AA tonight. Heh. I'm twelve. --squeals loudly--
A fellow sober alcoholic could tell I was new because it was clear I hadn't reached serenity. Okay then, SERENITY NOW!
My parents kept a fully stocked bar while I was young and it never once occurred to me to snitch booze. HOW CAN I BE AN ALCOHOLIC NOW.
Today is the six month anniversary of my moving to Portland. *This* is certainly not how I expected my life to be now, both good and bad.
Found season 5 of Game Thrones on a jumpdrive. I know what I'm doing tonight! --singing loudly-- Doo doo doodoodooooo doooo dah doodoo
HAVE I ALWAYS BEEN THIS CLUMSY SOBER?! CHEESE N' RICE.
Remember chat rooms? Yeah, me neither #goddamnAOLcds
Ever since I sobered up, I automatically wake up every morning at 6:45. I think that's my body telling me it's ready for a goddamn job.
I just realized I've become *cheerful.* This is really disorienting.
Today I saw a grandma raise the roof like it was 1996. Sober drunks are definitely my people.
Imagine a former meth head who talks like a valley girl and is as cute as a box of puppies: she's in the lead to be my sponsor &lt;3
When I walked by the wine aisle, I literally stuck out my tongue and went PHHHHTTTTBB. That's 10 days sober, you delicious evil bitches.
While running in the rain, I tripped over my yoga pants and &gt;&gt;&gt;BOOM&lt;&lt;&lt; face planted. Good to know I'm just as clumsy sober as I was drunk.
...and my father just texted to point out that today is Saturday regarding the booty call tweet. This will never not be mortifying.
You know you're getting old (or is it responsible?) when you get booty called at 9:30 on a Sunday morning. Can I have an Oh God Oh God!
I unintentionally cockblocked myself from sexting by reading a really depressing narrative (that I don't remember writing) on my drinking.
I've been rewatching tv shows and movies lately, and they make *way* more sense sober. Fancy that.
I can always tell when I'm hypomanic because I put stickers on everything. What? My fireplace *needed* a glitter unicorn.
Thanks to backups on two external drives, I didn't lose any data when my laptop was stolen. --booty shakes WHICH IS NOT TWERKING--
At tonight's AA meeting I got a promising lead on a job doing contract work. Praise the Higher Powers of AA!
OH MY GOD SO MANY PEOPLE DO HEROIN
I'm starting to crave Tang instead of wine. Is there an AA chip for that?
My replacement laptop is arriving this week. I'm ready to bitchslap some job openings with my bitchslappin' resume when it arrives.
Moving my stuff back into the Michael Kors purse that was stolen and dumped outside a neighbor's apartment. There's grass at the bottom.
I've been sober 7 days and in that time I haven't cried once or taken any Xanax. Maybe there's something to sobriety after all.
I tried drinking sparkling grape juice in a wine glass. Bad call. All wine glasses are now in a box on the top shelf of the closet.
Turns out the guy I just sold Adderall to has done AA, NA (narcotics), and GA (gambling). One more person offering advice, I'm in.
It's official. None of my fuck buddies in Texas knew I had a drinking problem even though I drank in front of them. I'm not exactly sneaky.
I haven't vacuumed in over a month, and I have two dogs--one of many reasons I shouldn't be allowed to be a grown-up. Also Lucky Charms.
Since telling friends I'm in AA, several have admitted they might be alcoholics too and tell me how much they *really* drink.
It's been 5 days and I've had no signs of detoxing or withdrawal whatsoever. I think my body is just that delighted I'm sobering up.
Tonight in AA I sat next to a guy who had been homeless and doing heroin a month ago. But...he looks like such a hipster.
I had Spaghetti-Os and Tang for dinner, because I am five.
Remember when people used to write nice long emails to each other? Now it's all texting. Makes me want to break out a pen and stationery.
Reconnected with my girl friends and one of them is sober now too. They're glad I'm out of my depressed funk and talking again.
Dreamed that I was a high-tech spy, like Sidney Bristow on Alias, but on a spacecraft. I wish I could record my dreams for rewatches.
Instead of passing out from a bottle of wine, I now go into sugar comas from eating waaaay too many sweets. I neeeed sugaaaaaaaar.
I've been sober 4.5 days. It was here that I relapsed last time I tried to sober up--so I refuse to leave my house lest I buy wine.
Got a call from a different potential sponsor. A *call.* This AA thing really is an all new world.
The woman-girl I'm considering for a sponsor looks like Krysten Ritter as a platinum blonde. We've already texted our stories &amp; backgrounds.
Wow, people in AA are even nicer than swingers--and they're trying to sleep with you.
Today for the first time in probably years I walked past the wine aisle without stopping. Actually I kind of ran past it.
The sun came out in the middle of winter! --hisses then shrinks into a ball of pasty snark--
Reading Mary Karr's memoir on drinking, \"Lit,\" instead of writing about AA. I don't know how to face my demons sober--or I don't want to.
My first AA meeting was much better than I expected. They gave me a chip for being sober 24 hours. I didn't talk to make sure I didn't cry.
I'm going to my first AA meeting this evening. I hope it's less depressing than it looks on TV. And there'd better be cookies.
