My mind is on overload and I'm exhausted. Literally just waiting for this week to be over.
Somewhere between defeated &amp; resilient right now. Looking sketchy.
I get in my feelings when I'm feeling stressed.
Honestly, it made me into a better student now.  delayed gratification at this point tho. #degreeotw
My parents established early on that if my grades weren't up to par, I wouldn't get anything I wanted lmao. I ALWAYS wanted A's
Spreading positivity on to the TL of college students as we enter finals. I pray you retain what you study &amp; only get asked what you know
Feeling a way. Stressed out. https://t.co/u9GqjplXCz
20 E is so back up it's crazy lol. What the hell have these little kids done.
HOW DO YOU MANAGE TO GET A WHOLE EXIT SHUT DOWN
Like this was supposed to be one last hurrah for Golden Glide and y'all ruined it. I don't even want to go tomorrow.
These new age kids have RUINED Golden Glide.  I'm so shocked.
I've accepted the fact that my body doesn't digest spicy foods at all. But that makes me sad because I love my some sweet heat wings
I'll never understand why if I stay on Panola, my Papa John's location is the Covington Highway location &amp; not Flat Shoals?
Trying really hard to stay positive &amp; hopeful.
Today is study for your final like a good  student day.
These girls use everything under the sun to lay these lace fronts down and then wonder they don't have any edges
Took my sheets &amp; comforter to the dry cleaner Wednesday thinking I'd get them back the same day. HA, jokes on me. He said next Wednesday
Need to be studying. Crying.
I've never been good at filling out the "why are you interested in working at ...." questions on applications. Somebody help.
Everywhere I go I'm in traffic
Golden Glide was my spot. How could they do this!! https://t.co/eyVNEkBSdT
I'd give my whole savings account to go back to the Cayman Islands. It's so unbelievably beautiful there.
It's okay though because I know my heart. And this is where trying to see the best in everyone will get you.
Now I feel like my intentions meter is off. I've always been a pretty okay judge of character but I guess people really do change.
I really let myself get bamboozled. I vouched for someone who's just as dirty and grimey as everyone else. I genuinely never saw that coming
No offense to Clark, at all because y'all know I really don't ride for any school lmao, but I really wonder why Wayne's daughter chose it?
These girls vent on our class Facebook page like all the professors and our assistant dean isn't on there.  girl you better act right!
Only thing I can control is my own actions. Can't stress things that are out of my control. I really have learned how to put it in His hands
I have tried 2 different air fresheners in my car but I always seem to run back to California Scents lol.
Trying to stay positive.
I'm going to do this. Have black balloons pop out. https://t.co/Sw6ZvePY6h
That's a whole new kind of stressed out I'll never put myself through ever again.
So I try to get solid A's &amp; High B's because I can't manage to have a borderline grade in nursing school ever again. No mam.
Honestly, I bust my ass during the semester because by the time finals roll around I'm tired of stressing &amp; it reflects in my studying.
You know I'm pressed when I start calculating the grade I need to pass.
My sister so damn fine.
I don't know why I thought I could use these cheap ass chapsticks.
Update: lips are definitely swollen. Much larger &amp; more stiff than normal
Learning happy birthday in sign language is by far my favorite thing I've learned so far. So so happy
My cousin is always tickled when I learn something in sign language lol. But I get so excited to show him!
They feel the EXACT way my lips felt when I use EOS eggs.  now I feel ugly.
I couldn't find my good chapstick so I used this one I got from the nursing convention I had in my purse &amp; it broke my lips out.
I'm being super lazy. I wish there was a mobile service to fill up your gas tank in your yard. That'd be great.
Tried to be a good student and come to tutoring. And now I'm SOAKED. literally.
MOOD: https://t.co/Ugm3jpItWb
Call anyone, SOMEONE.
I say this all this time, PLEASE please please reach out if you are considering suicide. Please, please.
This whole thing hurt my heart. Praying for both families &amp; all of their friends &amp; loved ones.  https://t.co/eJODCSGicv
Y'all I'm not hype about marriage or having kids at this point. I just wanna L I V E. &amp; travel w. my baby at this point. Das. It.
Edges all swirled and laidddddd w. the lacefront &amp; when you take it off your hairline 12 inches back
Ladies, it's imperative to take care of your edges underneath these lacefronts!
She came out in everything you wear UNDER your clothes lmao. What  https://t.co/6TbYWUAN5K
The feeling of finally getting into my bed after a long day is unmatched.
Been up since 5 am &amp; needless to say I'm BEAT
People who go jet skiing with no glasses or shades on are the spawn of Satan. That salt water BURNS
As much as I think those graduation proposals are ADORABLE, please don't take away my day. I just think that's not the right time - for me.
I'm so exhausted I do not feel like going to the mall to find a white dress!
@DeezTease Thank you mama!
I'm starting to get discouraged but I have to remember that what's for me is for me. &amp; no one can take that from me.
I'm a strong believer in having a will &amp; plainly stating what YOU want from your family when they have to make the tough decisions.
Spent my final day on the Peds unit @ my mental health rotation and my heart is just in shambles.
I was losing weight, now I'm gaining it all back.
Last day of my mental health clinical . It really does give me a headache.
I don't like when beauticians put edge control on my edges. I can't wrap it the way I want to at night
I've had this assignment since the beginning of January and I'm just NOW doing it &amp; it's due at 12:30 pm.  what's life?
They've been everywhere BUT America  shining. thriving. enjoying life. https://t.co/shbbyLxP5n
So when you don't respond in 36 hours - I'm calling your friends first, then your bf/gf, then your mom - then the cops for a welfare check.
I'd rather you just answer the phone &amp; tell me you don't wanna talk than not answer or text back.
I'm that friend that believes in welfare checks. I know people really get down sometimes &amp; choose to go ghost but that doesn't work with me.
It really is a blessing to have someone that likes to cook. Y'all, I'm in heaven.
It really has to be mentally exhausting believing everything is a conspiracy! I'm really confused.
I love a big bowel of fruit loops in the morning.
I'm exhausted. Seriously burnt out.
Niles spoils me with food &amp; that really means a lot to me.
Take care of your bodies. Ain't nobody got no money for transplants.
@TheReddZone__  and that was numbers from 2011. In 2014 it was up to $1,242,00! So who knows what it is now!
Oop, need a heart AND a lung?! It'll cost you a smooth $1,148,400.
And a heart transplant will cost about $997,700.
&amp; a liver transplant will run you about $577,000.
Hep C treatment is expensive. Ex. Sovaldi - 12 week course - $84,000 - $1,000 A DAY
That's so amazing of Ga. state to do that!
Y'all it was sunny 15 minutes ago. Now the sky is falling &amp; it's hailing!
We too old to still be disrespectfully misusing "reply" &amp; "reply all".
I LOVE birthdays lol
I'm going ALLLLLL out for EVERY birthday. Mark my words.
My bf isn't really a fan of how extra I am for his birthday but just wait until I get this salary, baby he just don't know what's coming.
It's such a triggering sound.
The "death rattle" of a person at end of life is comparable to nothing I've ever heard. I heard it the very 1st time when my uncle passed.
There are a lot of things I've come across while in nursing but the one thing I can not stand to hear is the breathing of a dying person.
Passed my clinical.
How big her heart is just baffles me. My mama deserves the world man. Seriously.
That lady ain't never missed a beat man. So I do whatever I can to help her with him even if it's just taking him to school &amp; picking him up
He's not a burden at all but I know my mama tired. She been going &amp; going since she had my sister in 1990.
My mama heart so big its crazy! This lady is real life raising somebody else's deaf son along w. dealing w. 2 of her own children.
I feel so bad because I'm so tired &amp; I really don't want to take my cousin to school. I get to school super early and I could be sleep.
1 more PrepU  I can do this.
This is so accurate. It's amazing how long it took me to get to this place of self love.  https://t.co/IHysAx9TgM
The Lord is washing all of this devilish pollen away. Amen, amen!
@Nibiru_xn  everytime. https://t.co/0LYZexTvuw
That way it'll still be cold enough to get under the covers for a nap &amp; you won't burn up.
I swear I'll probably keep the air on about 68 when I get my own house.
I've been sitting up trying to stay up until 12. I know the minute I lay down, im out lmao.
Happy birthday love! @Nibiru_xn , another year older. Wouldn't want to do it with anyone else.
@sunnykeye_ I know I just got off the phone with her! Lol
Don't kiss my baby, put your lips on my baby. Put your face on my baby. Wear a mask. Whole nine. People are disgusting these days lol
When my baby born, I'm having everybody WASH their hands - ain't no hand sanitizer bit - and I'm carrying temperature strips in the bag.
Just trying to hold a baby man!
My cousin was due on the 9th. It's the 15th and she still pregnant. This worst than April
Unless you are in trouble, near death, or a potential job - do NOT call me before 11 am. Y'all are so rude.
Can't wait to be a chaperone for my kids field trips.
I'd drive there on my own just to get some dang guac.
Craving guacamole from Uncle Julios. It was SO GOOD!
I'm gone praise Him, praise Him till I'm gone.
Unless you're my boyfriend - I'll talk on the phone to him.
I really hate talking on the phone.
If I was Meredith, I'd just never get back on a plane.
Shonda really loves plane crashes on Grey's Anatomy lol
I've been telling myself since 7:30 I was going to get up but nope. Here I am, still laying in the bed.
That new Sammie song is GOOOOODDDD. honey.
@sunnykeye_ Lol you call me. I never know when you're free.
Got put on the crisis unit of the mental health hospital and WOW.  just wow.
I can't figure out what to get Niles for his birthday.
Let's be selfish.
I might actually pull an A out of my med-surg class
It actually makes you feel disgusting
The worst thing I've ever experienced is sulfuric burps. I actually never wanted to eat again because it made me burp &amp; it smelled like eggs
I'm just trying to get my life together.
I've become serious about removing myself from toxic relationships. Wether it be friends or family. I have no space in my life for it.
Tired of studying. Just ready to take the test.
@badd2theebone I wish I would have known that lol
What's for me is for me &amp; no one can take that from me. Daily reminder.
Exhausted.
@Nibiru_xn I know. That's why I'm not a fan.
Red Bull &amp; coffee doesn't work for me. I can drink 2 cans / cups and still manage to fall asleep lmao. What the heck is going on.
@sunnykeye_ She was due yesterday so maybe it'll be before Wednesday.
I really do have the best sister ever!
@sunnykeye_ You leave back out on Thursday?
Get the feeling my cousin is going to go into labor while I'm at clinical and I'm going to be SO mad if she does!
My flight was overbooked yesterday. Maybe I should have looked into volunteering  https://t.co/Czul96bk3b
I will not get married if I have any student debt. I can't have my husband marrying into that lol
I was telling my friends I heard the sirens going off but I was too tired to get up &amp; panic!  they assumed I was t https://t.co/przXXPrlXI
I should study but first a nap lol.
I absolutely can't WAIT to send my family on the vacation they deserve. They've made nursing school much less of a burden.
So glad to be home.
Saw Mo'Nique in the airport. She looks fabulous
Decided to super shuttle it to the airport &amp; my car ride got upgraded to the executive car.  starting off right already.
Praying I don't have a problem getting home tomorrow lol. Because delta has been going through it.
This is disgusting &amp; if they don't correct his behavior now he'll grow up continuing to inappropriately grab women. https://t.co/jUsFh0pNIY
It's baffling. Seriously.
There are kids in high school who are genuinely depressed &amp; suicide is a very real option for them and no one takes this seriously.
People who develop depression after moving away are told they're just "homesick" &amp; they need to get out and pray about it.
Kids with ADHD &amp; ADD are just called rowdy or overactive. They're constantly punished for something that genuinely can't control.
It's SO many black people with undiagnosed mental health disorders it's CRAZY!
it's funny how everybody at this nursing conference wants to come to Atlanta but doesn't realize we are currently in a state of emergency!
I don't understand how my sister flies everyday. I really don't because I couldn't do it!
I'm just baffled. The girl got pregnant at 12-13 y.o which means somebody was raising her AND her daughter. But I'm glad she graduated.
I feel like the only person who genuinely didn't like flying.
And I HATE PLAIN coffee
I'm tiedddd. And I know it because I'm drinking straight coffee. With 15 packs of sugar.
She be waiting on me to go to these 7 am reviews &amp; I. Ain't. Going. Don't believe me when I say I am, because I'm not.
The girl that I'm rooming with thinks she can't go anywhere alone but I'm here to tell her that she can.
Love conferences because of all the free stuff you get.
Conferences are so boring
@Nibiru_xn I got you when I get back
@Nibiru_xn I got you when I get back
I might be flying illiterate.
13 Reasons Why is CRAZY! only because it really makes me think about what someone goes through to the point they think suicide is the answer
You will NOT last if you're just in it for the money.
But it's stressful as hell. Just as I'm sure any medical field is. It takes real passion for people to be a nurse.
I absolutely LOVE nursing school. I get to be around like-minded individuals. I get to help people during their worst hours. It's amazing.
My boyfriend's birthday is coming up.
Lord please.
I have so much to do today, I'm nowhere near ready to go to Dallas
"Allow yourself to dream alittle."
But clay needs to get back on his meds because homeboy is losingggg it.
13 Reasons Why makes me sad. &amp; puts me deep in my feels
I don't know whether to laugh of straight face her because I'm that sad I have to get up that early lol
We have a test tomorrow &amp; my professor sent us an email saying "don't forget to leave you houses at dark thirty" so we can make the test
&amp; that thing was THICK. like, I'm just confused.
This man shoved a 18 inch yucca root up his rectum...UP HIS RECTUM.
I remember reading 13 Reasons Why when I was younger &amp; now it's a movie on Netflix.
My cousin is deaf &amp; he's staying with us but he's home alone right now &amp; that really bothers me bcus he can't hear if there's trouble.
I'm so hungry.
@Nibiru_xn You're A NNOYING.
Some days I forget I'm not perfect. I literally have to remind myself it's okay to make mistakes.
Good, I'm not alone  https://t.co/6yxvGbwZ6J
I'm going to get over it though and go study for my test.
I'm really selfish with my boyfriend and it's kinda sad. He's out with his friends &amp; I hate him for it.
I've been putting off folding these clothes for weeks.
I empty all my loose change &amp; dollar bills into a mason jar every Sunday. Hoping all of this will pay off at the end of the year lol
I cry about EVERYTHING when it's that time. That's why I hate messing up my bc.  I hate myself right now. I'm going to sleep smh.
Drug users burn shit up all the time. Hell, people damn near burn their own houses down with cigarettes.  I'm not understanding..
Can't wait to go on my first baecation. Patiently waiting on the day.
Wasting my life watching this giraffe.
I love a big bowl of fruit loops in the morning.
But I don't think they'd find that as funny as I did.
Was going to put in the family group chat that I was going to cook today and then once everybody got excited, hit them w/ the APRIL FOOL'S!
My mom went to the store 2 hours ago..I just wanted some fruit loops and she's still not here.
But my phone goes off in class sometimes &amp; im almost certain I'd be devastated if that played in class.
I should make that my ringtone lmfao.
Bitch stop callin me. Ain't gon pick tha phone up, send ya to the voicemailstraight hang tha phone up
Bedroom booooommmm. Bedroom booooommmm. My bed will be booomin for youuuuuuu.
I used to be like 11 singing Bedroom Boom
@Nibiru_xn I knowwww
I like my hair straight because I feel it fits the frame of my face better. Not because I'm trying to be white...sooo..
Genuine question, why do people always associate african american women who straighten their hair w/ trying to be white? I don't get it.
You can always tell when I have a busy week...I forget to take my bc.
Why'd they have to kill Maggie's mom?
Catching up on Grey's.
How did they manage to let this bridge collapse. I'm confused as to how this happens.
Talking about "get them all" tf no!  I have to pay for them.
Brought my mom shopping with me because I'm indecisive and I need someone to make executive decisions but she's worst than me today
The end of the semester is even more stressful than the rest of the year.
Don't know wether it's the printer, my wifi connection, or the Internet box thing
I need to print my article for clinical tomorrow but I can't figure out why my stuff isn't printing
@ajxmont  used to love Habbo Hotel. No phone calls coming in for hoursss on that dialup.  https://t.co/Tc2wL7FtTE
I hate wifi printers.
Having a patient on contact precautions means washing your hands VIGOROUSLY 4,348 times in 6 hours.
Id pay good money for somebody to come adult for me today. Good money.
Dead tired &amp; I haven't even started my shift for clinical.
Super Chill Peach is so good idc it's off brand
This doctor prescribed 81,000+ opioid based pills to ONE person in 18 months. That's unreal.
Exhausted. Good night.
 https://t.co/2a1nRbQAMB
Please be on my side today Lord, because I need it.
Praying for a miracle. A financial, academic, mental, &amp; spiritual blessing.
I have an ongoing list of baby names. By the time I have kids, there won't be a debate lol. I'll be SURE.
This is my favorite picture of my daddy in life lol. Everybody knows I'm a daddy's girl &amp; that will probably never https://t.co/jLrwhPoMes
I'm so sleepy but my grandma won't let me go to sleep. Oh, how the tables turn.
Diamond not measured by height https://t.co/xbvqgUxqHC via @rockdalecitizen SUPER PROUD of my little cousin! Keep striving &amp; never stop
My anxiety gets so bad sometimes. I literally want to throw up &amp; die all at the same time.
We all have our vices.
I'm way too sleepy to be driving to Alabama.
Can't invest in an iPhone again until they change the ports back.
Lmao, shawty is PRESSED
There's my plea for the night. I'm going to sleep.
Please please please please get help if you need it. Please please please.
There are literally people in there my age. OUR AGE.
Today I did my rotation in the substance abuse unit and WOW.
Other than that, you couldn't pay me to go through high school again.
The only thing that I miss about high school is that I got to see all my best friends &amp; I miss cheering.
I HATE DRIVING
This is probably my bf every night  https://t.co/Hs0YjJHB5G
Need to go find me some orthopedic shoes. Fast lol
Thank you Tanini  https://t.co/Cr3IAMAVag
Waking up at 4 for clinical kills me. Every Wednesday. I die slowly.
The Fosters is such a good show. How have I been this sleep all these years.
Every time I come over here I go straight to sleep.
96 on my med-surg test.
Chewed up just sounds painful  https://t.co/uiXgESkO5L
Eating cake for dinner and I'm not happy
Don't care that you don't like what I like. IT'S NOT FOR YOU.
Baffles me how when you tell ppl what you want/like, they think that's an opportunity to voice their opinion. lolol, I think not.
How do you explain to two 4 year old's their father isn't coming home because he tried to be a good samaritan? HOW!
Man had a whole family waiting for him at home. People depending on him &amp; someone took that from him with absolutely no regard.
So angry that her husband lost his life trying to prevent violence. i just don't get it. people are so reckless with other people's lives.
If you guys have it to spare, please donate to my classmate's husbands memorial fund. https://t.co/Od9VjeiM68 via @gofundme
Well and me saving lives. But that's it.
This car is my motivation to study lol. My future house. &amp; all of the vacations I'm about to take.
My dad is buying himself a Bentley, he just gotta wait. So I can shit on him.
I can't wait to buy my dream car.
I think I would love to be a foster mom.
She lost her best friend in January. Literally the first week of school. I can't imagine how hard this is on her.
Sad to hear that my classmate lost her husband &amp; children's father to senseless gun violence. Please keep her &amp; fam https://t.co/4GYVTv1f3B
Old people be at spring break locations live asf. Lol, getting twerk about to have a whole heart attack.
@SelfMadeYRN thank you!
I'd pay someone good money to do my nursing care plan concept map. good money.
I absolutely love the idea of the Mommarue lol. It's so cute. I need to get off of here.
Looking at things to put on my cousin's registry makes me excited to buy all of these things for my child when I start a family lol.
Can't wait until I'm financial stable and in my career &amp; I can happily have baby fever.
That gif is ACCURATE! I hate them SO much. So so much.
Wire hangers will NEVER be allowed in my humble abode. Ever.
That whole comment might get me through nursing school. Hell, life.
My professor told me to stop telling people that assignments are easy because some people aren't as smart as me.
For me to be a Scorpio &amp; my boyfriend to be an Aries. I think we work pretty well.  he loves me.
I hate when I get so hungry I get an attitude.
But I found out that patients who have insurance somehow spend more time in mental health facilities &amp; it's not bcus it's helping
Homegirl gave me a WHOLE life story, just to find out it was a lie. I was done. I felt taken advantage of lmao.
I actually kinda like it though. Listening to people's stories. Being lied to in your face. Being claimed. It's all so exciting.
My first day of mental health rotation was today and...
Craving sweet heat wings from fletchers.
Sounds like he just wants a weak woman.  https://t.co/ggdIaGVh17
Ex. Hausted
How could we honestly expect him to come out &amp; be the same person? I'm just baffled.
They stuck a 16 year old in solitary confinement for more than 800 days. EIGHT HUNDRED DAYS. not minutes or hours - DAYS.
Solitary confinement is torture, no doubt. It is mentally, one of the worst things you could do to a person.
I love seeing SWD on tv. It never gets old.
Star got REAL, REAL FAST!!
Convinced my head has sunburn too. I'm just peeling everywhere. It's not even dandruff.
I am lucky that my mom was willing to be open minded about my mental health growing up. Counselors &amp; therapists were ALWAYS an option for me
The hospital transition from night shift to day shift is crazy lol. You can literally feel the speed shift.
Not trying to adult today
I LOVE beef stew lol. Omgg
God really does work in mysterious ways! I'm so excited for my friend &amp; her job in the NICU. she's going to be amazinggggg
They literally didn't go anywhere lmao. Her tits are too biggggg for this endorsement. https://t.co/AkUGqEifMa
Burning Sands really did make me upset. I hate when movies do that.
Put my hand on my forehead, moved it &amp; saw flakes fall on my computer. My forehead is shedding because of this sunburn. So embarrassing
I was 18 when I learned them &amp; it was the absolute struggle so she's amazing lol
I was 18 when I learned them &amp; it was the absolute struggle so she's amazing lol
But no seriously, a 4 year old learning every bone in the body &amp; being able to give facts about each is AMAZING.
I want my child to know every bone in the body @ 4. Along w/ their colors, letters, numbers, multiplication tables, how to do taxes. Alladat
I LOVE little big shots. I have been so sleep on this show. It's SO cute.
Folks gripe &amp; moan about doing the assignment but been sitting at home on their behinds for a whole week. That annoys me.
If I can go on a whole cruise, come back and STILL have my assignments completed before school starts, everyone else can too.
Lmfao, this is so dramatic.  https://t.co/Nxtmk5LWpX
I LOVE being dark skinned, but that self love didn't come overnight.
@SincerlyJaryn thank you so much for this. Guess sometimes I just need a reminder.
Been trying to take a nap for the past 2 hours to no avail. I'm annoyed.
I drove 45 minutes to come home just so I didn't have to use the bathroom at school. I hate using public bathrooms lol.
Must take a step back &amp; regroup.
When I first got into nursing school, I felt like luck was on my side. But as of lately, I don't feel like it is anymore.
Way too sleepy to be sitting in traffic.
@TheReddZone__ they are clearly on to something! It's all I use on my face now. I'll take the grease lol. My skin feels so moisturized.
Ponds has my face looking greasy but it worked wonders on my sunburn. My skin did not peel anymore since I put it on yesterday.
Praying for a job to come through because ya girl trying to go ghost this summer. Running up a check.
I have sunburn on my nose &amp; it's peeling so bad
Phone dying. No charger in sight.
@TooTallTray lol I was but we had some pretty bad weather so I felt it regardless.
LOVED the cruise but you learn to appreciate a bed that doesn't sway lol
Finally back in my bed from that cruise &amp; ive never been so happy to see my bed.
Trips with females can go bad so fast.
I'm so happy I chose to come on my trip with the people I did. It was literally drama free and drink filled. It was the most fun I've had.
Literally the perfect choice for it to be my first time out of the country.
Y'all I'm going back to the Cayman Islands. Mark my words. Swear.
back in Miami
We've been in the club 3 days straight &amp; we're dead. How do people do this daily? I'm sleep.
Lmfao WHET  https://t.co/uyfupRuAqI
I heard nigga loud asf &amp; I personally don't remember it being that many black people on the ship to produce the volume of nigga being sung.
These white people on this cruise ship done got away with singing "nigga" WAY too long lol. I'm fina start fighting them
I don't know how I managed to do this.
My black ass got sunburn.
My family would be so disappointed.
Half the shit on a cruise is free. Besides liquor &amp; the spa, it's literally FREEEE. what did you spend $2k on!
This man in front of me had his children charge $2k on the cruise &amp; he charged $1200. Do you know how pissssedddd id be lol.
Too drunk to be standing in an hour long line on a rocking ship.
The cruise ship has this drink called the funship &amp; it will literally have you messed up off of just 1 drink. Anymore &amp; you SCHLEEP
Just wait until I get back to some stronger wifi, I'm floooooooooodinggggg with pics from my cruise.
Future RNs  https://t.co/aiiM6R5LKH
Sitting outside on the boat watching the stars. Love.
So sad I have to come back to America
I just want to move to the Cayman Islands &amp; jet ski all day. Who tf told me to go to nursing school?!  place is BEAUTIFUL. seriously
Made it to the Cayman Islands.
I really wish my Snapchat was working right so I could upload these videos. Today was so fun lol
YKWTFGO. Ain't no party until ATL walk in that bitch
Y'all I was so pissed earlier. We were supposed to stop in Jamaica but the weather was to bad.  talk about bummed
Been on the ocean for 3 days now &amp; all I want is to get on some land
Fucking blown.
Being on a boat in the middle of the ocean baffles me. Seriously lol
Kinda running on 3 hours of sleep for the past 24 hours. I'm exhausted.
Think I'm seasick. This boat has been rocking all day.
@_unphuckwitable that place was absolutely delicious! Thank you so much for recommending it.
https://t.co/rimGmi4uNC
@_unphuckwitable thank you! &amp; I'll definitely be on the lookout for that!
@_kayerr happy birthday my love! I hope you enjoy your day!
On the way to Miami
Home girl said "who's that? Is she in our class?" Me &amp; this other black girl looking like honeyyyyyyyyyy https://t.co/G5X4FwV2B8
I was talking to this girl about at home births right. &amp; I said "if I give birth @ home, I want Erykah Badu as my doula."
I'm being so lazy. If I were rich, I'd hire someone to shave my legs for me. And wash my clothes.
@sunnykeye_ oh from where? What'd it feel like??
2 more days until my cruise.
Ate 1 nibbler &amp; 7 onion rings and I'm STUFFED. what's going on with me right now.
I always get to clinical extra early. lol I literally just sit here until they give report at 6:45.
I'm exhausted.
I'm so freaking happy! lol. I can happily go on vacation now.
sike, got an A. Thank you Lord for being on my side.
This school never seems to cease to amaze me.
@UnspokenWerds yes! I've heard it quite a few times since I've gotten to college!
My husband can be a millionaire and I'd still want to work. In some way. I HAVE to be doing something.
I think I'm one of the few people who don't want to be a stay at home mom. That's just not productive enough for me.
@Nibiru_xn thank you babe
It's going to take an absolute miracle to pass this test tomorrow.
I have literally sat with this information for a whole day &amp; don't remember half of it.
It really bothers me when professors give 48 page study guide for a 50 question test. What do you expect for me to know from this?!
Just need to make it through these next few days. Then I get a mental break.
@_TradeMARC ken! Lol
Trying to figure out who this is using my sister &amp; I's Netflix lol. Then was so BOLD to create they own name like um, WHO. IS. YOU.
Becoming more comfortable with being honest with myself.
Really learning about myself.
It's for me. No one else. &amp; I can't ever forget that.
Keep quiet, cause you gone start a riot.
My stomach is so sensitive it's annoying at this point.
Just as long as you stand by me.
My uncle snake in heaven lit asf  https://t.co/W52Pjnr4E6
Trying to use my sign language with my cousin but it's so hard to remember the signs
PrepU takes me forever to do. lol
I actually REALLY hate shopping. I don't know what happened. And it doesn't ever get better.
Gave up on trying to be spring break fine, I got you summer time tho lol.
Lmao I didn't think about this. Just my luck.  https://t.co/oarZ6Yfydi
Wine instantly makes me sleepy. Like it's almost immediate.
Has anyone ever went swimming with crochet braids / hair before?
Omelettes are my favorite food. Absolute favorite thing to make.
My mom is THE GOAT.
I'm really not sure what to do to my hair for this cruise.  give me advice! helppppp
I could never pay $14,000 for a purse. Idc who made it. That's tuition.
I'm appreciative of the small things. People pray for someone to just listen to them. I'll never take that for granted. ever.
Niles and my mama are the only people who'll ask me about my day &amp; genuinely sit and listen to my disgusting stories. I really enjoy that.
Today was by far the most interesting clinical day so far. I got to see my first colonoscopy!
I want to hyphenate my last name only because we're the last Smith's out of my immediate family. Everyone had girls.
This is crazy. I don't know why I thought his abuse would stop with Rihanna. Good for Karrueche for finally getting https://t.co/UnRL3gAgY6
I really don't feel like washing my hair. I'm so annoyed lol.
But I think the moral of the story was that I shouldn't put my hands on a man, I should tell my daddy so he can.
My daddy always said don't ever put my hands on a man. But he also said don't ever let a man put his hands on me.
@TheReddZone__ thank you
Ah, ya girl made the Dean's List.
BE MAD.
People don't understand how much I don't care that you don't like me. Never have, never will.
I literally have to take 30 minute break with studying because I'll want to stop for good lol
My feelings get hurt kind of easily and I really hate that.
I've been late to every class today and I don't know how. Our classes are in the same building so idk how I'm doing this lol.
I can't study after 10 pm. My brain is off after 10 lol
I think I want to work night shifts. Days are SO busy lol.
I get annoyed when professors don't email you back lol. Like, it's a one word reply bro.
@UnspokenWerds but they said canceling it will hurt it even more. They told me to just use it every now and then for cheap stuff lol.
Credit cards are the devil and once I graduate I will probably shred mine and never use it again. Like ever.
Something gotta give.
Somebody help her. PUHLEASE  nothing but a pretty face.  https://t.co/XHaXgapnMd
@Glits_Glam happy birthday!
I don't know what's gotten into DeKalb county but they need to get it TOGEVA!
My life needs some type of structure. I feel myself drowning.
I'm in such a tricky place at this point.
Every week I literally just try to make it to Thursday. That's my goal. One day at a time until Thursday.
So excited for the next few weeks
Y'all, everyday I'm reminded why I don't hang around females.
I feel no one on IG has real lips anymore lol. They're all crack &amp; line free. Just not even realistic.
This me lol. https://t.co/DTmGDJeTCg
Do y'all know how depressing that has to be? To go in the hospital and come back out missing organs and with bags attached to you for life!
No bladder, urethra, rectum, or anus. They even took the top 3/4 of her vagina. THEN she had a colectomy on top of that.
No bladder, urethra, rectum, or anus. They even took the top 3/4 of her vagina. THEN she had a colectomy on top of that.
Just found out my patient had a total pelvic exenteration and my heart broke. She literally has nothing in her pelvic cavity. NOTHING
On my days off, I genuinely hate answering anybody's questions. I don't even like to have my phone on in all honesty.
I'm not really all that good at responding to messages as of late. Especially GroupMe. I HATE it. &amp; these folks abuse it.
I used to get so caught up in my own world with my little problems that I always forgot the big picture.
@_beautybliss_ https://t.co/vYPrEcVFUl
It's a weird feeling stabbing someone with a needle. Especially heparin. But I'm LIT nonetheless lol
On another note, I gave my very first shot today &amp; I never would have thought skin would require a little force to pierce lol.
The fact that Atlanta tickets sold out in 1 day is CRAZY to me. He's really blowing up.
I got my @chancetherapper tickets! I'll see you in NC.
That whole news story breaks my heart. Seriously.
Today has been a day. I'm calling it an early night.
mbn tho.
That shows effort. I'm always a firm believer that a little effort will take you a long way.
I love thoughtful Valentine's Day gifts. Out of the box &amp; specific to the person you love. The gift that wouldn't make sense to anyone else.
Legit can't believe I'm going to miss the Chance concert.
Passed both my test this week. God really been on my side honey. Let me tell you.
Too many events. Not enough money
I'm real life about to shed tears lol.
The Chance concert is the day of my Godson's christening.....is this a test? I think this is a test. lol
I'm so excited I could cry!! https://t.co/pkekih3Djx
I just pray his ticket prices haven't skyrocketed. One of the many reasons I love his brand so much, it's affordable.
CHANCE THE RAPPER IS GOING ON TOUR AGAIN
Happy Valentine's Day to the coolest dude I know. Thank you for loving me the way you do.  forever &amp; always.  https://t.co/MKwfe1koO4
Forgot to set my alarm last night woke up thinking today was Wednesday &amp; I had missed clinical. Lordtttt.
Zaxbys give you this fat salad &amp; 2 dressings. What's with that?
I wanna be fit on spring break.
My booty was getting right. Had whole thighs. Stomach was on somewhat flat. It was lit. Then Jack moved, Syd went back to auburn. I'm sad.
About to start back going to the gym. I was doing good, &amp; then nursing school came along
HOW can you not like @chancetherapper ????
YALLLLLLL, @chancetherapper IS MY FAVVVVVVV!!!
If you've never seen Chance perform in person you MUST go before you die. Absolutely breath taking &amp; electrifying.
@TheReddZone__ 3 years ago he got arrested for cocaine use. Said it changed his life for the better.
Took a break from my birth control for a month. I needed to give my body a break.
Beyonc and these weave changes. I am completely here for it lol.
I sure didn't lol.  https://t.co/V5OIUwIbR7
I'm trying to get some weave that looks like Alicia Keys' hair for this cruise lol
Y'all be so salty that people like Beyonc more than they like you. You sound jealousssssss
Perm, Straight Up &amp; Down, and Versace on the Floor are the most exciting songs to sing once you learn all the lyrics lol.
Lucky for you that's what I like.
I love Carpool Karaoke.
He has to do 24k magic or Perm. Like baby, I have a whole performance READY.
Now I just need Bruno Mars to come out so I can go on about my life lol
I'm not a Beyonc stan or anything but I will FOREVER be a avid supporter of #blackgirlmagic . &amp; honey, SHE GOT IT.
Oh BETCH. YAS Beyonc.
My favorite class might be med-surg. But I real life hate mental health and older adult lol
Throw some Baileys in your hot chocolate and thank me later.
That's my challenge for myself.
Lately I've been finding myself speaking too fast &amp; not listening. Need to learn to stop &amp; form an appropriate response.
He just really has to love me, I'm convinced.
I know Niles is sick of me by now lol. This is the most we've ever been with each other. &amp; last night, I kicked him clean in the head.
So it says don't use drano in the toilet but what happens if you do? lol
Niles made roast andddddddd I wasn't supposed to touch it until 10 but it's been calling my name since he put it in the crock pot
Valentine's Day just gives me a reason to get cute.
@sunnykeye_ definitely need to invest.
I'm such a little bitch sometimes. I hate technology sometimes.
Had to cry for a brief moment because it took me 2 days to do this paperwork. But I knew better. Google has all of the answers. Got it back.
Literally JUST finished my clinical paperwork &amp; Microsoft crashed. Nothing saved. I'm literally on the verge of tears.
...but I never wear mine. Got pooped on last semester &amp; haven't worn it since. It's been desecrated. Lol
I love seeing black women &amp; men in white coats
About to act up &amp; he don't even know it.
I can't stand talking to people that always feel the need to make the conversation about them.
&amp; im surprised it took Niles 3 years to figure this out.
I'm a grinch when I don't eat.
By the grace of God...
It's going tibia okay.
Literally came to Niles' house &amp; went straight to sleep lol. Clinical wears me comepletely out.
As of lately, my nerves have been in absolute shambles. I don't know why or where this came from but I feel terrible.
If I was ever to be a youtuber, she would be my motivation lol. She so real and open. I like open.
A jewel  https://t.co/6qk9THKSKS
Doing everything except studying.
I think I've just been in a funk today.
Shits crazy how people you think are your friends hate when you do better than them on tests.
I have better test taking skills and studying strategies. Learn them. Don't be mad at me.
I'm blessed that I don't have to study as hard &amp; super greatful but for you to tell me idc about my education is a way to get me upset.
Still #RiseUp tho. Fahevaaaa
I. AM. SICK. Falcons we rose up, &amp; you let us down! https://t.co/2qHdR3Shh8
I literally don't even watch football but this one is for the culture! FOR THE CULTURE ATLANTA!
I'm so fucking confused right now. Like is this real.
Think I'm having angina
Gahdamnit Atlanta!
@CaptainClapback genius lmao  but I didn't make much this year so I don't HAVE to file. It's optional. No jail time lol.
@CaptainClapback exactly why I'm following after the leader of this free country and I ain't filing.
Decided to watch the OJ series. I lowkey think he did it.
So no, keep your W-2's lol.
But I owed $87. HOW THAT WORK?!
Last year I got a $3 refund. THREE DOLLARS!
Don't send me no W-2's. I don't want to file taxes because some way, some how I always manage owing money  so keep them to yourself lol.
You gotta protect yourself first. Nothing will ever matter more than your sanity.
I hate them for calling it zips.  but completely here for it at the same time. https://t.co/7whwVpZLYt
My first sign language class is today.
Haven't been able to sleep in like usual on TR, F, &amp; S and I'm starting to feel it.
This why I don't go out. Legit getting sick. I feel it all in my lungs. I can't.
9 hours later &amp; im finally done.
Ooohhhhhh BETCHHHHH! Star is out of control lmfao. By any means necessary.
So I finally have the chance to watch Star anddddd I know she not fina have sex with Alexandra daddy! BAYBEH!
I've been doing this clinical paperwork for 6 hours now lol. What the hell.
So hungry I can't even deal. I'm like craving a chicken patty melt w/ hashbrowns from Waffle House.
Hungry but can't be late for my hair appointment lol. She's coming in just to do my hair so that'd be so rude lmao.
Annoyed because nobody is emailing me back
Waking Niles up is like trying to wake up a hibernating grizzly bear.  you literally have to call his phone 32 times to get him up.
@UnspokenWerds lol I didn't even notice
Don't feel like doing my clinical paperwork
This is something I would do lmao  https://t.co/zp9CTvrnUY
All of this seems fairly backwards. Ban immigrants from other country to prevent radicalism, buttttt give easier ac https://t.co/srXB5deTJS
Took myself to lunch for the first time in my life &amp; I feel so at peace. I could have never done this 2 years ago.
I really hope it's in God's plan for me to get married one day.
People that have to downplay everything or make a joke about it are NOT the people you want to support you. 9 x's out of 10 they're jealous.
People are really bitter about the strangest things. And I mean yes, most are just exaggerating &amp; being funny but y'all are hurt by it lol.
I could literally pay somebody at this point.
I'm absolutely exhausted but I have so much to do tomorrow.
Wait, Beyonc real life pregnant! With TWINS!? That's lit asf lol
So sleepy. I don't wanna go to clinical
@CaptainClapback lmao abou you better learn to ask those prying questions! Don't have shame
Congratulations Britt! https://t.co/MGTg4DHqll
@TooTallTray lol it's a school assignment
Passed my test. Went to my first AA meeting. &amp; ate chipotle for the first time. Today was a good day.
