Keep being a bitch
I love seeing the girls that everyone thought were hot in highschool turn out to be fat and ugly after they get out of highschool. Hehehe
I'm your's when it's convenient for you.
I have missed Joe so damn much these past few months and he finally came home and talked to me. Best Christmas present ever
Letting me down on regular days is okay. Letting me down on Christmas isn't okay.
I may ask you to do some stupid shit, but damn do I love you.
Would it be wrong of me to buy a plane ticket and leave without telling anyone..
Being barred out and telling you whats up is no different than me not being barred out and telling you whats up
If I can't celebrate holidays with both of my parents, then I don't want to celebrate them at all. Understand that already.
A week or two more until all those bitches come home from college
Lord show me the right path and if not, forgive me for being lost.
\"Have a good night!\" \"I'm married.\"\nThe shit people say to me at work.
\"Am I just a stomach for you to cum on?\"
The fact that you are still in my life in the slightest way is repulsive, but when someone tries hurting themselves for me is awful.
The millionaires playing in the background while he's on top is where you messed up..
Thankful for my fav tv shows, wine, and the occassional friendly texts from a handful of people.
Godddd i'm so unhappy.
You fondle my trigger then you blame my gun
Shitttt, more like @ninekennedy http://t.co/73c2imhU34
I do this thing where I accidently finish a bottle of wine and then oh no here we go again
Hold on. He just said he loves domin up girls on their periods AND eating ass? You can't be two kinds of nasty. Only room for one kind
Work hard, stay humble
You're an idiot
Goddamnit I could punch you in the fucking face right now
These foolish games are tearing me apartttttt
Anddddd you're still a fat slut
I'm one more Harry Potter movie away from being burnt out
I just wanted a dad my entire life. Why did you pick to try being one on one of your many drunken nights? I deserve better than that.
After 18 years you've never onced called me or attempted to make an effort to almost call. It's 1 am and you decide to make it a 1st tonight
Seriously fuck off
You can unfollow but you can't unswallow
Nothing or no one is making me happy..
@ninekennedy i have never called in. I just switch. Betta learn
I don't wanna do this anymore
White hoes in the backseat snorting coke
I'm too tiny to be this big of a bitch
I just want someone to ask if I'm okay. Ask me if I need anything. Tell me I deserve better.
Everything that comes out of her mouth is a lie and everything that goes in it is a dick
Fuckkkkkk thisssssss
I've never dated someone that takes longer than me to get ready until now and it is the epitome of bullshit.
Waiting on Brett.. https://t.co/2MLS0Kt1Lx
I usually wouldnt brag, but I had a really shit on my face day, so my boy bought me wine and had a movie night with me. Fudge me u are perf
I'm so stressed out about everything that I'm crying over my seatbelt not buckling.
You don't love me, you love that i'm hard to get
I'm a good person because you have your fantasy football shit on my phone and I could change your lineup EASILY, but i wont. B/c I &lt;3 you
She was the sun, the sky blue eyes
\"You the type that I let cum inside\"
\"Girl you been drinkin?\"
My hot douche bag of a boy rules. &lt;3 http://t.co/7PkHufIVwp
I trust you as far as I could throw you.
Your track marks are telling me otherwise
Cause we said no strings attached and I still got tied up in that.
It's pathetic how only one person can make me happy. Literally nothing else. Not things, not other people, not ideas or thoughts. Just you.
Me and Brett never fight. We rarely even have disagreements. Who am I supposed to fight with?
Okay, I get it.
Im burning my liver
\"Try sucking dick with the hickups then come back and tell me how you're a wizard\"
I wish you wanted to hangout with me. Not the boys and me. Just me. Lololollll who am I kidding though.
Hangover from hell and i'm pulling a double omg hate life
@ninekennedy i asked wendy was she was doing tonight at work today and she looked dead into my soul and said \"drinking heavily\". MY NIGGA
@ninekennedy hopefully a new hjob b4 that
Stay or leave, I want you not to go, but you did.
Pulling a doubskle tomorrow and i'm drunk tonight. Oops
I've been drinking beer all night to pass this kidney stone and then I remembered I have an AA meeting tomorrow morning. Hehehe im so done
I can't wait to never get married, never cheat on someone, and never have kids.
@Lucifersmother goodluck loser. Use a shit ton of quotes and paraphrases
Plot twist: we get killed in the orientation to get our ged by Waka Flocka sitting next to us.
Kidney stones, percs, wine, scary movies, food, yeeee boiii willlin out
This episode of walking dead is just so frightening..
Unreliable plus ones are the worst plus ones.
Throwing up in the morning is my favorite. Starting my day off totally right.
What am I going to do without my baseball now. Goshhhhhhh
Why can't we run the bases rather than jogging..
Fuck Ortiz. Fuck clutch. Fuck Boston. Get bombed again.
Sucks to say but, thankful for the monster.
Gooooo fuck yourselves.
I could cry at this game. But I got flowers, so I'll just slit my wrists instead.
I'm drunk and really don't wanna deal with you, you crazy ass
Ahs season 3 is full of Fleetwood Mac songs and that's rad
There's so much shit that I want to change between us but, i'll just sit back and be the 'cool girlfriend' for now I guess.
Mom sent me my wallabees and now I remember why I don't wear these stupid things.
Putting off college more and more.
Everything has been so rushed lately.
You tell me you love me, but you don't pick me flowers or warm me up when i'm cold or kiss my forehead or ask if I care..
I don't deserve words. I deserve actions.
Torri Hunter just died and they're using the word \"clutch\" again. GOD DAMNIT
Just cause I see you don't mean I'm fuckin with you
\"I don't take showers. I feel like I should give back to mother nature, not take from it.\"
When you decide to go to bed and your boyfriend has a candle lit and he's passed out. Adorable.
Hearing Cabrera and Verlander say \"fuck yeah\" and chest bump is the hottest thing.
I don't wanna do this anymore.
AA makes me want to become an alcoholic. How coincidental.
I took shrooms once. They gave me an ipod with ONLY two songs on it. I was lost for 8 hrs with a busted nose/seizure http://t.co/DChaIFbqua
I just want endless amounts of wine.
Scherzer is probably the only pitcher to get us out of a jam like that. #TigerNation
We done took the lead again on 2 outs ahhhhhhhh
This game be so wild and clutch
Had my first AA meeting this morning. Maybe I do need these classes because all I wanted to do was drink once I arrived.
I feel bad for the Braves. I hate the Dodgers. They sucked all season. What happened..
Sonny Gray has to be gay.
