Back in the day, what did people say when referring to \"Back in the day\"?
Ok time to take a break from office work, light a bowl, eat lunch and chill for a bit.
Ok time to take a break from office work, light a bowl, eat lunch and chill for a bit.
Bitch, if youre fatter than the animal, dont wear animal print. Dont give a f*ck its Halloween.
I like pussy, I like weed, but most of all I like... Adventure Time! Fuck that show rocks.
Then the LORD descended from the heavens and planted weed on this planet, to the delight of all creatures, and it was all good.
Mom, I'm not a drug addict, I'm a pothead.
God gave us free will for something.
I must admit I kind of really fucking like you.
Jah bless! Keep ya'  head high and your goals even higher.  Night night y'all.
Getting in that @kushstateofmind helps me stay sober. No more booze, just some weed to get loose.
Weed and Adventure Time, fuck yeah!
I bong hit a day keeps the psychiatric ward away.
I &lt;3 THC &amp; LSD
I feel like whining, but I'm just gonna smoke some weed instead.
At two months and 5 days without alcohol, I can say that though I'm dry, today I felt f*cking miserable.
Were the fuck is my mind?
Now that the drugs are gone, I feel empty and like dying.
@YahooCare Hello, I'm unable to restore my password as every single one i try is \"not strong enough\" though Im sure it is a valid one, help!
Weed is happiness.
@Boxmeupapp  I need help! cant reset my password
My dealer is off to some far away place for vacations, and I'm left here with my pot habit.
I feel like dropping some acid on the weekend.
I smoke a blunt a day to take the pain out,  if I wasn't high I'd probably try and blow my brains out...I'm hopeless..
My family literally makes me sick, I physically feel ill today with em all here.  #FML
I heard you like cheesy puffs. I fucking looove cheesy puffs.
Y u no high? #StonerProblems
#WakeAndBake and smile and most of all be fucking happy.
@Dropbox Hello, I have a technical question regarding dropbox business accounts, where may I direct it?
When I'm high I can't focus on stupid shit,  sorry.
God hates haters.
God gave us weed for a reason.
I can honestly say alcohol was my best friend until the last couple of years he went all Leaving Las Vegas on me.
Just about to roll a blunt, get stoned as fuck and have a good fucking meal.
T all y'all #WakeAndBake r's out there, http://t.co/vag2EJipNS
Smoking weed ought to be legal, I mean what am I gonna do? Rob my fridge?
Hate it or love it.
Only in that @kushstateofmind can I get in my m'fucking ZONE.
Bitch, I really don't care what you think.
\"I'm getting really tired of your BS\" *Staring at a mirror*
No Mr. police man I didn't kill the deputy, only the sheriff.
Smoke weed, watch sunday NFL \nBe happy.
Not a lot of sunshine this morning but nothing a few bong rips can't fix. #WakeAndBake
I'm in a group video chat with 293 others - Click to watch or join: http://t.co/SifiZkl7KZ
\"@Roofied_Cupcake: I was gonna be good....but then I got bored.\" Then I got high.
I'm just fucking excited to have the NFL back. Are y'all ready for some football bitches?
Smile toward life and tell her fuck off, light a blunt n' prepare for takeoff. #WakeAndBake
Jah will bless, he'll provide, in his shelter we'll be alright.
Mexican Leaders: Listen up, chill the FUCK out! Weed's just a plant, it doesn't kill anyone and best of all, you can FUCKING TAX IT! #&lt;3weed
Reach you \"High Potential\" today in that @kushstateofmind  #WakeAndBake
WTF was God thinking when he created cockroaches?
A tattoo won't make you a criminal anymore than wearing a suit will make you a productive member of society. #LoveTheInk #InkOn
Tequila, WTF? I fuckin loved you, why the fuck did you have to go all \"The Shining\" on my ass?
Alcohol-free for AN ENTIRE FUCKING MONTH. #AlAnon #JustForToday
Bitch, smile, youve only got today anyway, so make it count! #JustForToday
Today is my birthday, tomorrow I'll have a MONTH sober. Fuck alcohol, it kills, smoke weed, it chills. #StonerNation  #WakeAndBake
It's Sunday and I'm almost home free from alcohol for the weekend. #JustForToday #HealthyGangsta
It never is to early to #WakeAndBake Good Morning motherfucking stoners.
I've got no game; all of y'all bitches just look the same.
So lord, won't you buy me, a crystal bong? my friends al hit Vapes, I must make amends...
I just wanna know how to become a #CertifiedStoner @iWakeBake
I'd just rather we roll some weed and have a good conversation than drink booze n' get wasted.
Nothing is bad enough to make me drink again! At least for today.
I don't know you, you don't know me, fuck this shit, girl please just blow me.
As an alcoholic who just decided to quit drinking I feel incredibly depressed over the loss of my best friend.
Today I stalked and ex-girlfriend and I can only say: Why the fuck would anyone want to go out with me? She seems she has her shit together.
Life has a funny way of getting you in motion.
My stepmother has decided she does not want a pothead near her kids. So long motherfucker, go n' find a new place to live. :/
As long as smoking weed is outlawed, only outlaws will smoke weed.
I fucking fucking hate cops. Stupid ass laws that prohibit smoking weed; you're just fucking criminalizing good citizens. Im so pissed off.
@jotaprieto No maaa no puedo faltar a chambearr no seas cabron.
Would you be ashamed to tell your friends you feeling me?
It's Tuesday, enjoy work, school, or whatever the fuck y'all do during a weekday. Stay high motherfuckers.
Companies trying to kill us one soda can a time, so fuck your capitalism, I'm just gonna get high.
It is fucking awesome waking up on Sunday without a 2 day hangover. I am Sober just for today! Enjoy your day, bitches.
They say I've just got to stay sober for the day, 24 hours is just something so easy to say.
Now that Ive come out of the closet as an alcoholic people seem tentative to invite me to parties and such... People, I can drink OJ.
God gave me style, God gave me grace. That motherfucker really put a smile on my face.
@DropDeadGorge tastes good, too.
Fuck fuckin' motherfuckers who ain't got a fucking good thing to say.
http://t.co/rtp85oM5xx
Devil, go fuck yourself. No booze today. A blunt? Suuuure.
I want to be the most awesome, fucking SOBER alcoholic ever.
I really fucking abhor my step mother. She is a fuckin EVIL bitch.
... Just understanding getting sober is the most important shit I have to do for myself right now.
I am having some fucking terrible mood swings, I think it's because of the sugar in alcohol n' the withdrawal... Feeling like shit.
I don't like being a dry drunk.
With the power of weed I'm a beat these demons. Substance abuse is a disease and nature is the answer.
My mind is making up so much shit to not hit an AA meeting today... But F/U addict brain you got us in this shit so fuck you, we going.
Today I was at a party with free alcohol. Didn't drink, but fuck it was tempting me so much I just left to smoke some weed.
How the fuck can the government outlaw nature? #weed
Today I went to my first AA meeting and I liked it.
