my coworker told me she loves cops and then complimented me a bunch I'm having a lot of mixed feelings
@Shower_Capy SAME house centipedes are the most scary bug imo
@Shower_Capy I slept on my couch for 3 days because I saw a centipede in my room
@Shower_Capy https://t.co/FPfp4qJFzg
@cchelc why can't I get drunk and get puppies!!!
got drunk and got a kitten now I'm stuck with the damn thing for the next 20 yrs ugH
doing a kitten deal in a grocery store parking lot
@Kordisloco get out of there
@Kordisloco I wish can u get one pls
@Kordisloco I've been dreaming about puppies only mine was a chihuahua
rly sad I'm not on my way to see ke$ha
my friend I haven't seen in almost ten years is in town!! because he got stabbed. but he's in town!
saw the most beautiful redhead today
my boss goes out of the country on vacation once a year I can't wait to take his job
I've had my position for two weeks and I've already had someone quit on me wtf
@ThaUglyTwin now I'm tha ugly twin
can't wait for wine and nap time
haven't smoked a cigarette since saturday, is accidentally quitting a thing
have a job I enjoy
I have used half a checkbook in over three years and have a box full of them with a really old address
I forgot to put on mascara before my first day at my new job I'm surprised they didn't change their minds
@amcdnldx I waited almost two hours!! then i removed them
how long does another person's laundry have to sit in the dryer before it is acceptable to remove it??
@cchelc I've also eaten a whole pizza today for the first time and the two are related
I've almost drank a liter of jameson today and I start training for a super professional job tomorrow
need to buy a laptop to play the sims
tried to take my acrylics off myself but couldn't get all the glue off so I just painted over it
@cchelc and I don't have to report petty misdemeanors!!
got an assistant program manager position which I didn't even apply for at an organization I've never worked for!! cool
the only thing that gives me butterflies https://t.co/EpHYSwqJn1
wore my shirt that says "can't we fuck and still be friends" to ihop on mother's day
first day back in rapid and I've already been drinking all day
if you get a dog and then give it away I'm judging you
moving into my new apt. when I walked down the street for coffee I saw 3 whole different dogs holy cow
I've embarrassed myself twice today. u won't see me until 2017
I've been watching forensic files all day and I didn't think it was possible for me to be more afraid of white men but here I am
I hope aaron carter plays aaron's party tonight
our uber driver kept turning the wrong way down one way streets
went to my interview super hungover now I'm at walmart buying 6 different kinds of beverages
I want to live in a house with a big yard and adopt senior dogs
in a bar full of rich white people whose bffs all need to throw up. I need to go home
@cchelc @RyanPoptart our uber driver has flames on his fedora
ON HIS FEDORA  https://t.co/akwsjoZr7B
our uber driver has flames on his hat
@jennischofield sobbing
prince :(
why they tryin to let a manson family member out of jail
full of jameson and flamin hot cheetos need tums
karaoke on a monday is so serious. they here every monday
@RyanPoptart my god
@cchelc he looks really sad too like he knows but he has to wear it
@RyanPoptart you're lying
there is a man sitting right next to me wearing a plaid fedora
basement was so good
@xcassclay same
biked to the bar and I guess I live here now because my legs and butt are stuck to the chair
my new boo I haven't met. love at first window roll down  https://t.co/jCLh5gB40O
if I'm drinking something that's not water at work there is alcohol in it
@JakeNbakeX kay cool
@JakeNbakeX
@JakeNbakeX I'll bring the tequila
@JakeNbakeX c u there
seeing basement monday cool
got f'd on my bday and went on an "adventure" which was literally just getting lost and wading in nasty garbage water lake
I hate kids. I can't accept that I am capable of making one
the sound of children screeching outside is going to make me throw up
it's my birthday and warm enough to wear short shorts I am content
I was being a little bitch and got a 'tude with my manager and he apologized to ME lmao
a 7 foot goliath man keeps standing in front of me. I must be at a christian rock concert
drinking tea and whiskey simultaneously before underoath because I need to be drunk and also caffeinated
I'm waiting to get my hair cut and I may be drunk, but I think the man on the phone next to me said "what that mouth does"
get your nails done before going to your serving job if you want them to look like shit
@xcassafrasx I got a couple actually. thank you though!! just come see them again :)
@xcassafrasx okay!! I can mail you $$ and a cute note. chelcmoreno@live.com
I NEED AN EXTRA UNDEROATH TICKET
ya'll claim to be about things, but I never see your face when it matters
@cchelc I quit the first one because I didn't want to work everyday. ugh
my last day at my current full time job is thursday and I have an interview for another full time position friday.
I met a lovely greek woman at AA and now she is texting me and sending me selfies
white people scare the shit out of me
2 giant mimosas deep at work and ordered pizza. pls fire me
@jennischofield dang no thx
iso someone to pay my 1000+ bills monthly
@jennischofield on Nicollet in mpls. I couldn't find anywhere solid to go on the west coast
quit my job that pays a ton and got approved for a $900 apartment lmao kill me
went to my first aa meeting today and had to buy a bottle of jameson afterwards
