Damn... Just damn. I've had quite the life. What's next? I'm excited to fly. I've soared but never flew like that.
With black people. Yes sometimes police are justified. Sometimes they need to calm the fuck down. Which doe you think happens more often.
Sometimes black people are ridiculous. Raven, you are now one of them. So is the guy who thinks that police are justified in all encounters
Red hen is number four in DC? Over the inn at little Washington?
@tanehisicoates @twilli920 that's racist bro. What the hell?
@TeeSwanJr @AP yeah!!!
This will surely be an early exit night. Fuck I hate the park.
@VVS_Cufflinks: Amsterdam on Tuesday and haven't thought about packing.  all you need to pack is a bowl or a bleezy.
Listening to surfboard. Please kill me. My uber driver is playing the whole cd... Fml 
@DotThrash his freestyle killed. Great rapper
Ahh police fucking suck. Somehow I passed a white dude on the trail though...
Also as a black male I may have committed the crime. Lastly there is no visible signage about the trail being closed. So fuck you pigs.
I hate police. They just berated me for coming through a park that's closed at night. Apparently a skateboarder is a moving target. Gtfoh
I had the coolest iPhone until today. fuck you apple.
I essentially fully support someone. It's fucking hard and stressful. But you do the right thing.
My phone is currently a flashlight, a magazine, a stereo and a computer. Whoa. This is the future
What do I wear for Tuesday? Hmmm
@suey_park: I seriously love the Midwest. We love you too!
@washingtonpost: Congress likely to vote on authorization for training Syrian rebels http://t.co/2WOIIUlAPQ didn't work for the Taliban.
@washingtonpost: Congress likely to vote on authorization for training Syrian rebels http://t.co/2WOIIUlAPQ didn't work for al Qaeda
@washingtonpost: Congress likely to vote on authorization for training Syrian rebels http://t.co/2WOIIUlAPQ didn't work out for Osama.
@_DJDeTroyt next week.
@true_intent lol
Going to the Sam Smith concert. I want to bring someone. Hopefully this works out.
He poses a good question. Why the hell, why do you think I come round here on my free will? #truth
Man's been HURT! And it makes good effing music.
Also, Sam Smith's album 
I've lost weight these past few months. I guess I could add muscle mass... I'm good though.
I've lost weight these past few months. I guess I could add muscle mass... I'm good though.
Damn
@redheadpg that date already happened bro...
Stay blessed twitter fam. And be happy. Find your happiness. I know it's hard. But never stop finding it. It's there.
This is not my entire story. But it's enough of it. I'm here. In the darkest night my light never went out. And now it's bright. So bright.
I used to cry every year around this time. Or get close to it. Until like 2-3 years ago. Now I hold my head up and share my story.
And I began hitting people close to (metaphorically) with that crutch. It kept me depressed. But I'm alive. IM ALIVE! And so happy.
I fell in love again. I worked. I graduated. I kept drinking until this year. There is no reason to keep using the crutch when I can walk.
I have experienced pain and isolation and loneliness no 18 year old college kid  or anyone should ever experience. It was hard. But I pushed
I told her I wanted to jump in front of every bus Omw to work. I cried after that. I got counseling two months later. It helped.
I tried to break up with her. She thought I wanted to hook up with other girls.\nI mean the HU girls are awesome, but she was quite wrong
The next year I got a girlfriend. I told no one of the feelings in my head. Who'ld understand.?I didn't know anyone who lived through it yet
U could always find me at a BIMR party with a wife beater on when I was drunk. Which was often. I started drinking when I wasn't in class
Yet I was still a week ahead in every science class. I stopped caring about my science education at that point. I started drinking. Heavily.
And I went to HU I believe sept 13th. The students were in their 3rd week of classes. I had 3 days of classes before Katrina.
A few days after that I went to STL. I saw more family. My uncle gave me some pants. I had no clothes. Nothing but a book bag of clothes
My dad said I had a crazy look in my eyes when he picked me up. I'm sure I did. I experienced Anarchy. It wasn't too bad. But it was.!
I got to listen and share stories. And I saw a family reunited with their nephew. It was beautiful. No one cared about their stuff.
Was his name. Wednesday we left and went to Houston. I stayed for a while and volunteered at the Georgia P Brown dome during the weekend.
I could do. But on Wednesday, the waters receded enough for us to take the back way out. I stayed with a pharmacist from XU btw. Philpatrick
The next day we listened to the car radio and there was no day out. #tuesday I don't remember if I could still text. At one point that's all
Spades for hours until the darkness snuck into the house. And we lit candles and played some more. We ate cold food that the fridge held.
And after the skies cleared it was unbearably hot. It felt over a hundred degrees. I was dripping sweat even in boxers. So I played spades
I got up and looked outside. And took pictures. I remember thinking how can the city flood when the rain is going sideways and up? #noanswer
And after X amount of time I felt this strength. This warmth. This perfect love in my heart. I knew everything was going to work out. It did
The eye wasn't even gonna hit the NO until noon. I knew for sure I was gonna die. I got on my knees and I prayed. For I don't know how long
It didn't. The sound of the rain carried me to sleep. I then woke up at about 6:30-7ish. I could hear the wind pushing the house.
It sounded like a train was roaring under the bathroom. I was scared that the water would rush up out of the toilet and flood the house.
9 years ago two hours from now I would lose power. I would have to use candles and my phone to light my way. I was so scared to pee.
Im always in my head.\nThat is my reality.\nThis world is just a way for me to express it.
@true_intent a fucking men. Women don't even know how to deal with men when they cry
@MakinItRAINa my bad I don't get updates on here. It's pretty but mad far away. Like maaaaad far via metro.
I have yet to fall asleep 
Only black person on my car...
@suey_park I think it's prudent to point out power doesn't come from taking it from others. It comes from within and from unity of people.
My first time on the silver line. Going all the way to Reston. 
Fail. . I feel like it doesn't help that my neighbors smoke all day everyday at home and the windows be open.oh well
Taking a drug test 4 this school. Ive been clean for quite a while. But still, I'm nervous. No weed or nothing. No drinking. Still. Nervous
@HuffPostPol: Rand Paul calls for demilitarization of police after Ferguson shooting http://t.co/BGP5KYWImc he voted against NDAA respect
I love the people that I encountered today and I'm happy I got the chance to talk to them. Our generation is the best generation
Currently cooking chicken in two sticks of butter. If you have to ask why, just unfollow. Also I can afford to gain a few lbs.
@KONKRETE34 respect. This is a new political world we are in where the corporations and rich run all. It's sad.
@HuffPostDC #myblacklifematters because I am a human just like white men. That is all the justification I should need.
But you don't hear me though. As a whole we should care about people and less stuff. We are one. We really are.
If we had education, food, basic healthcare and no drug laws we would have less problems and less drug addiction.
You should work with people to legalize all drugs and open treatment centers and rehab that has fact and stat based treatment.
If you really cared Barack you would have never auto signed the Patriot act which is a reason things like this happen.
You don't have that long left. We  the people are still behind you. Do your job! Congress isn't doing theirs.
Obama, fuck you. Every other president has upheld the white agenda. We didn't vote you in office to keep up the status quo. Do better.
@WellsFargo you're the largest financier of private prisons. You wouldn't have to mentor kids if you didn't cause the jailing of their dads
@DJZeeti voting is most important on a municipal city wide level. Towns and cities change states which ultimately change the nation.
\"We should have guns because the  have guns\"-@aTRAVesty real shit bro. Very real shit
@aTRAVesty @AmbersReign it's called a constitution app. We have the right to peaceably assemble... Clearly that's not happening.
#IfTheyGunnedMeDown which photo would they use? http://t.co/JJ9M4cPrlk
@kcarr78: @TefPoe this is the shooting victim, still alive. http://t.co/x278pDcjaS HU grad spook. Smh.
@CheritaC nope. No clue. Police told @TefPoe she is dead. Don't think that's true.
All of our lives.
This is fucked up. America needs to change or we need to take our money to Africa. We have enough to build it up and improver our lives.
You let people riot but now they are peaceful you use tear gas and send in tanks? You sound like Russia. This is wrong. This is disgusting.
It's just brutality. Why not tase him? Where are your officer cameras? I know you can afford them if you can afford military gear.
And dumb yt people never want to call this a race thing. Sometimes just shut up. Racism is alive and well. It's clear as blood on pavement
My godmothers shop is not even a mile away from the shooting/ riots. This is so messed up.
This situation is truly fucked up. And I have been to all of the places looted. I live in North County. My grandma is off Halls Ferry.
We fucking matter and we deserve the ACTUAL right to pursue longer and happiness. It has yet to happen.
Savage is perpetuating a structure based on the oppression of women, all non white people and the lgbtq/ minority immigrant community.
Not while you act like savages but call us that. Savage is killing unarmed people. Savage is shooting people for no reason and lying.
I don't advocate violence, but you can't always expect people to turn the other cheek. Not for 100s of fucking years you can't.
If they don't they will understand that they are the minority and won't win in an actual war. Because it will be presented.
People who talk about nonviolent protests even get that. It's not an end all be all. Unless your oppressors do the same.
People will only take the high road for so long. Forever it won't be. Sometimes you have to be violent to stand against it.
@CheritaC Spook.
I'm fucking blown. This is ridiculous.
@CheritaC she's an HU grad.
@TIME: A murder suspect asked Siri where he should hide his roommate. It responded back http://t.co/OoMkEIqO5U Siri is a snitch 
@ColorDeeReal @_DJDeTroyt what?
STL is such a small place. I just found out I went to school with Mike Browns cousin. So sad. And Ezell Ford was just killed. So sad.
Stop hurting yourself. Stop hurting us.
And this only hurts you too.
At the end of the day we want to end racism because we are equal. You should too. When you justify racism you keep us separate.
People be tripping. Racism is what I study the most today. The government being shit is second. I can talk about both for hours.
I'm blown. So blown. How does someone who has never been in a fight assault a cop? And if he did, there HAD to be a reason.
Both arguments are fucked up and blame the victims. That culture in America has to stop. It has to.
How dare u, an HU grad blame our thought process on police killing us? I guess a  deserves to be raped for wearing tight clothes? Fuck no
Because society has showed that even when you care you're still killed like a dog in the street.
You know what blacks get less than every other race? Education. Jobs. Duh. If your society doesn't care about you and kill you, why should u
Clearly you don't live in those neighborhoods, because all people say is this has to stop. And you know how to stop it? Education. Jobs.
Gtfoh. Why doesn't anyone talk about other intra racial crime? And why do we always say no one cares about our violence?
White people have ultra violent music. They aren't dangerous by nature. Neither are we. But somehow ONLY our music is an issue.
I hate when black people say stupid shit. Rap music doesn't cause us to die. People killing us causes us to die. Police especially.
I'm tired. And I gotta work. Fuck man
Because police justify and perpetuate the white supremacy you say you're not part of. Gtfoh
This is bullshit. And white people are going to try to whitesplain our deaths as they always do. Why can't you see death is death?
I made that walk that the kid did. I want answers. I want the truth
Not that stealing anything means you should die. It doesn't. But wtf. How can I help my home town?
And police have cell footage and haven't said anything. How long does it take to look at cell phones or the gas station footage?
I can't believe this kid was murdered by the QT by my house. I know people that used 2 stay in those apartments. I helped my aunt move there
@MsPayen @stopbeingfamous the police are ALWAYS at that gas station. I lived by there in high school. This is bull shit. And QT has cameras
I feel the urge to go for a run. Ion een like running. But imma give into this. Por que non?
Furthermore if you're gonna clean finish the job. Ok I feel better now
I'm going to rant for a second... TAKING OUT THE FUCKING TRASH IS A STUPID GENDER ROLE. Men don't like trash either. Wtf.
Dope night. 
I'm way to up to have to be at work at 8:30. Welp
@StyleandGrace_1 I've been hit by women. I did not hit those women. It's not easy, but being right rarely is.
@StyleandGrace_1 because men are stupid and try to mansplain the stupid shit we do.
Starve the big banks and let them die. They never cared about your humanity anyway... But somehow they are seen as people under law...
But as consumers we really don't know the power that we have. I think everyone should take their money out of major banks.
If you can make policies that are in the worst possible interest for your customers and still remain solvent, you should die.
Now I have to find a credit union. Large banks are the enemy. Really any consumer based entity with more than 1k customers to lose
Cutting all ties to @bankofamerica on the 15th of august. I'm so happy about that.
I also cut waaaay back on fast food. Like I had it maybe 6 times all July. Usually it's the square of that. #soserious #imafatty
@SeeMuralsNMusic alcohol is all empty calories. Empty, fun calories lol. But really cutting it out and a bit more exercise works.
@SeeMuralsNMusic also thank you. I apologize for not tweeting that first. Thank you very much
@SeeMuralsNMusic yeah it indeed does. I lost ten pounds after I stopped smoking and drinking. I get restful sleep. But most of all I'm happy
@SeeMuralsNMusic yeah. I don't drink, smoke weed or any other drugs. And I'm not smoking cigs either. It's best for me. But fml
But.... Fuck I want a cigarette. 
Because my potential for good is limitless. So I will go as far as possible. Which is not for me to say. But it begins with sobriety
I have a clarity that will allow me to do what I really want, and that's to do the best good for the world. And I will do it too.
27 has ended up being a good year for me. But I have become square. An enlightened, healthy square. But it's a good thing.
I don't want to smoke as much as I want to live. Cept maybe weed. But I want to pass this test so I can improve my life more.
Have up cigarettes today. I'm gonna be a teetotaler( which is great, but SO lame). I want a cig so fucking bad. But they kill...
Anyway by Phil Beaudreau speaks to my soul. It's so real. \"I found love, and I stopped loving. I found God, and I stopped looking forward\"
I hate the mainstream media today. It's so fucking weak and reinforces the status quo. It wasn't always like this
Whoops 
And women eat it up. But it's not different from BET as a whole really. And I don't watch those programs either.
Listening to BGC. I can't believe women enjoy this stuff. It's so misogynistic. On it's face it plays up the stereotype of catty women.
And make sirloin with sauted bacon carrots and mushrooms 
My endeavors are bust again! My Pyrex dish was stolen. And I don't have onions. I'm just gonna make a cognac/ red wine reduction
My boss just texted me. That shit gets ignored.
I swear this ice cream truck is playing Colors of the Wind from Pocahontas... I fux with it
Got all the ingredients minus one. I'm for sure doing that shit tomorrow though
All I want to do is make beef bourgignon. And I have so much shit to do. F.M.L.
@omgitsjo lol true.
But really, like any reason will do. Can you show me to the nearest metro? *removes shirt * 2x8= *removes shirt*
It's gonna be like, G pass me the salt. *removes shirt* My excuse would be I can stretch easier to reach the salt.
So when would be an acceptable time to walk around half naked? Because this isn't gonna last forever.
I have a 6-pack. It was one of my goals for the summer. I didn't even try for it yet. I just started eating better and exercising more.
My homie is mad at me. You can't be mad at me for wanting to smash a hoe. She's not yours. She's like water or national parks. A common good
If you don't believe in God, Welp. You still get her blessings. Btw of course God is a woman... If God had a gender
Wake up after a horrible day. Work was cool but my finances are all messed up at the moment. 1 text changed it all. God. Is. Good.
Surf n turf omelette for breakfast. Bacon wrapped filet and bacon wrapped prawns. Tomatoes, n onions. And guac. I'm ok now lol
This is why the HPV vaccine is necessary. But also an extremely high number of people have HPV too.
My financial problems aren't that bad. I'll be ok in 2 months but when will she be healthy? Really puts my life in perspective. So sad.
Damn! This neighbor gave his girlfriend HPV and now she has cancer. I can hear it because I'm outside smoking a cigarette. Damn damn damn
Shoutout to learning lessons from being around shitty people. I've learned a a lot, but ain't shit niggas still pop up every now and then
I've lost a lot of best friends through the years. But for me, the song is true, it's nothing to cut anyone... ANYONE off.
@ABlackTV #true
I don't fuck with a good half of the people I work with at le Diplomate. Which is great!
That's how I feel right now. Fuck. My. Life.
I work a job making good money but it's not good enough. Ah HDJRUHIZJAKDJXJJCYYD
We are the only people in the world without a country. African countries won't save us and neither will the US of A. Damn.
Hidden colors 3. Watching the solutions part
I took care of the new president of HU yesterday. Very nice guy. I'm excited to see what direction he takes the alma mater.
2 put the onus on us is unfair &amp; racist. Whenever we do well as a group we're violently reduced back 2 the margins.
It's not the responsibility of black people 2 overcome racism. We had no hand in making it. When will Chiraq be cared about like Sandy Hook?
@kjay_mar Preciate it bro
@BigMansonMB: @DJZeeti idk how I started following you but a nigga can't complain at all. * 2 chainz voice* TRU
Anonymous be damned, I went to my first AA MEETING!!! And I'm so fucking happy I can't believe it! Onward to brighter things
Moving is a helluva workout
@not1fk2give I doubt it but you never know
