HEY I CAN GO TO BED NOW THAT I FINALLY FINISHED MY ESSAY
I'm too young yet to have seen two people get an ass tattoo..
I want to text you to tell you how good I'm doing , but then i remember i can't
I really shouldn't have done that. Fuck.
It's weird to miss someone, but hate them so much at the same time
Thought of you as my mountain top\nThought of you as my peak\nI thought of you as everything
I'm sorry but mixed guys just .. mm yes please 
Oh my god
Makes my heart melt 
14 days sober woo
I don't even know what to say
You just keep breaking my trust.
There's no relief. I see you in my sleep.
Everytime i close my eyes, it's like a dark paradise
Truth  http://t.co/FxQ3aFwe8o
I wonder what it'll be like to kiss you
Who's taking me to prom lmao
ok
What is your favorite love story movie?  The Notebook. I love that movie more than life and I've seen it probab... http://t.co/oAx4Nzdqa9
Soo proud of myself 
i wanna be the one you run to,\ni wanna be the one that aint gonna hurt you
She laughs like God, her minds like a diamond . 
And there's no remedy for memory, your face is like a melody, it wont leave my head.
I feel like God is really on my side lately.
Went in the ditch. Fuck winter
Why is everyone doing acid it's really starting to piss me off
I think i love her 
You look like your dog
@StephanieUnger4 OMG you did not just go there... 
@StephanieUnger4 on 
@StephanieUnger4 I'm coming to pick you up whether you like it or not
@StephanieUnger4 Lmfao i see what you did there
@StephanieUnger4 Lmfao always baby girl :)
I guess I'm just not worth much to anyone.
Can't wait until my birthday month ;)
Loving my life
I'll be back tomorrow.. Don't worry bout a thing my love. @kevin13sheehan
The starfish i got on the beach smells bad
I'm enjoying how dark i'm getting, but my freckles on my nose are becoming so much more prevalent and it scares me
@kevin13sheehan Ugh Kev. I miss you so fucking much. I can't wait to see you when i'm home. I'm gonna get a card tonight and try to call you
@dayunsteele wtf lmfao
I'm on a limo right now. That it is all
@JJEricksonz Well then fucking get off my shit you idiot. You're the ONLY one that had my password.
When I'm alone I'd rather be with you, fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side, till 3005
God damn Dexter is too fine
@emily_ostendorf oo wow ooo kill em yeah treated that bitch oooo
I need to see my baby @kevin13sheehan
I tear up when i see old people eating alone
My ex has my fucking twitter password and shit so if you were blocked I'm sorry. Inlcuding @StephanieUnger4 .
You make me want to kick you in the face
The tears come streaming down your face, when you lose someone you can't replace.. When you love someone, but it goes to waste
It's difficult startin over, but it's better than going backwards.
Not a quitter at all, but I'm givin up bad habits
Why does flappy bird make me laugh so much
I made my dad play flappy bird and my phone is cracked more
Flappy bird, game difficulty lucifer
She knows, she knows, and i know she knows
Unintelligent people really irritate me
Went to my first Badger game tonight 
Wtf my dad was recruited by Bo Ryan for basketball in highschool..
@dayunsteele You're one of them
I'm just gonna watch Dexter, and think about everyone i wanna kill. 
@dayunsteele Can you kill him or something lmao.
But it's just me, I'm just obscene
@Theenamess_Kate  i have that problem too, and I'll probably never grow out of it lmao
Whistle pigs
Why in the hell is my little sister listening to Ice Ice Baby.. how does she even know what that is
I love @kevin13sheehan 
And soon I'm consumed by my doom
And soon I'm consumed by my doom
I dislike people that hit me up just to get something from me. Maybe I'd be more open to it, if you would ask me to chill first lmfao
NO SCHOOL TOMORROW EITHER 
I hope you go to prison soon so i don't have to hear about how brainless you are. Lmao
Lmfao! You're a fucking idiot
Someday baby, you and i are gonna be the ones. So hold on, headed for a better life  
Now i just need a boyfriend who will go with me
Snowmobiling is my new favorite thing 
I'm sick of being anxious all the time 
@SuperinTIMdent I think we shouldn't have school tomorrow
I'm gonna catch a bear and make it my pet.
Lmfao just picture Justin Bieber in prison. All the \"daddy's\" are gonna love him..
When i come home Sunday, idgaf what gender you are, someone just come cuddle and nap with me. 
Ew get away
I just think it's fucking disgusting when senior guys go for freshman girls.. like it just shows how nasty and desperate you are. #Ew
I been dealin with my dad, speakin a lack of patience.
@dayunsteele We have beer here in WI... so ugh.. i won. Bye
@dayunsteele bull shiiit, you hung up on me first, and then my phone died. Sooo idk.. roscoe probs?
I could talk on the phone with @dayunsteele for hours
I guess procrastination is my weakness.
Eyes closedd. Ya swanginnn
@jus10emrath I'm homee. Come thruu ;)
@jus10emrath Ohh, so you're up but you can't even talk to me ;)
He got me mesmorizedd 
You know we only fuckin outta spite, cause your man don't treat ya right
I feel fucking great 
I feel accomplished as fuck 
I can hear her say I love you, like it was yesterday
@Julia_gulia566 who..?
I want to move somewhere that people don't think of me so horribly for the mistakes I've made due to my addiction. I want people to know me.
But i guess once you fall in love with someone and they're manipulative enough, they can treat you anyway.. and you'll still go back
i never thought I'd be that girl that couldn't get out of an abusive &amp; unhealthy relationship. I usually don't take shit from ANYONE.
Everybodys gotta grip on to somethin' http://t.co/r3OsK0pwMw
Someone bring me a fucking newport
Im gonna miss laying in your arms.
I hate when my dogs bark at night.. like ok who's here to kill me now
She on a power trip, got me where she want a niggaa
Can someone kill me. Please
I eat so much..
I would rape Tom Cruise
Who's that in the light show he's good  His name is nate :) http://t.co/Bvj5U7dAj3
@SteveStfler Yeah because that's really fuckin original. Idiot.
Where art thou food
Spirit of a rebel, heart of a lion
I know people like riff raff, but he's honestly so stupid i can't even listen to him
Can't go home alone again, need someone to numb the pain
*guy has bumper sticker that says \"i love crack whores*\nDad: you know what he should have underneath that?\nMe: what? Lmao\nDad: i love aids
What do you most value in your friends?  They're loyalty to me even after how big of a burden i can be, i put m... http://t.co/FuTqRTWesX
Can i cast a spell on myself to make me a witch or no
You're not as fucking great as you think you are idiot. Step the fuck down.
Woman is singular and women is plural. That's all
When i know I'm right, i don't give up until my point is proven.
I want a sphynx
My mother just called me funny..
If you have a weird bellybutton bye
Tonight was actually pretty fun :)
\"Turn that barney bullshit off\" lmfao @aparr_96
But i love her so much that i can't forget, that the feel of a kiss, it could heal when I'm sick
What are you doing tonight  Goin out and about, ya knoww :) http://t.co/ddfFb5qb91
I think this could be the start of something new, your words put me in a trance
Your drop dead gorgeous. (: Keep ya head up!  Thanks bay ;) http://t.co/VaJnUSQ0qz
Met some chill ass guys from New York 
I just wish he lived closer to me :(
My grandma's a hoot 
Really skinny people with long ass arms and legs make me think of orangutans
If you think becoming veegan is gonna save the little chickens and cows you're delusional.  God put animals on this earth to EAT THEM
@_MIkeBarbeau_ It can be whatever i want it to be michael
@_MIkeBarbeau_ My name...
I wanna play flicker ball
Lol I'm actually going to school today
Only positive things start happening from sobriety, working out, and doing the things that make me happy. Let's get it 
Whoa.. hello 
You got me so high\nSo high i cannot feel the fire
Just tore a muscle in my back. Thanks jesus
I find wolves so beautiful
Are you ever gonna learn?
High all the time, to keep you off my mindd 
I hate when my mom screams from her room for me to come talk to her, like no you can come in here if it's that important
Slow down, you crazy child \nyou're so ambitious for a juvenile
I need to stop, but I'm back in that place where I don't even want to.
Good ass night lmao
Milton is closed. Thank you lord
@IanHoard omg!!! That's perfect :) I miss you dudeee
@IanHoard I live in janesville! We should kick it soon and party :)
@IanHoard dude I know lolol, when you gonna go to the lake ?
@IanHoard Yeah I feel pretty fuckin great right now. Lmao
I turned on Hunter Moore on pandora and my ten year old sister and her friend started dancing. Please don't be like me :( \n@Huntermoore
Life's too short. Go make it happen
Really praying everyone is staying safe driving in the shitty weather and on the roads..
\"when you forgive, you love, and when you love.. Gods light shines on you.\"
Im so done with the fucking cold.
I lifted you high up in the sky and now youre not coming down
Lmao @ everyone bitching about flipagrams. Who gives a fuck. Youre just saying it to sound mainstream #swerve
Lmao @ everyone bitching about flipagrams. Who gives a fuck. Youre just saying it to sound mainstream #swerve
Even when I stay away from you, you still fucking make shit up about me. Pathetic
@timmytim1204 I miss you too!!
You're gonna do this on Christmas eve? Okay.
I like how my mom comes in my room to strangle me with the computer charger and then calls me a bitch
Life's too short to get mad over little shit, be happy, it's Christmas.
My mom's side of the family never fails to keep me laughing
@Calhooner_24 close enough
Mele kalikmaka
Gold by adventure club just makes me so happy..
These chicks don't even know the name of my band
@JordainSanger13 maids are supposed to do everything so we don't have to. That's why we pay her
Come home and make me Christmas cookies bc Renee won't @JordainSanger13
I don't think I ever think about an animal as much as I think about Lucy. I miss her so much
Hunter Moore is fucking ugly
@michaelastein98 My grandma that passed, pink roses, the serenity prayer, eh.. I don't knowww
@michaelastein98 give me ideas
I accidentally took too much chilly so I hurried and dumped it in the toilet so my stepdad didn't hit me
I had a dream I got a tattoo... It's time..
I hate when I try to take pictures of black people in Woodmans and they don't stay still
Forever in debt to your priceless advice.
An ending is just a chance for a new beginning. It's a chance for you to become the person you wanted to be a long time ago.
do people even go to shopko
Someone buy me the rave fluffies I want for Christmas. I'll date you
Back on my work out grind ;)
I'm just what you made god, not many I trust.
I do love you, and I do miss you, but I'll get over you slowly but surely.
No regrets
Are you in Love?  Well, that's a difficult question... http://t.co/vnTl9weLI4
@dayunsteele lmao
It feels good not talking to anyone, I'm actually happy on my own
Well let me be the first to get mine.
Went to my first AA meeting tonight :)
@FactsAboutBoys That was stupid.
