why am I hungry again
always knew it but never thought it would come down to this
no such thing as best friends
what happened ? I never say no to tacos wtfffff
you know you where fucking wasted when you say no to tacos like wtf ?
seriously hate not having a car
overwhelmed . . .
80s station on pandora is on a rolllllllllllllllllll
rip my chonchis
I swear this year couldn't get any worse . . . .
con que pendejadas saliste
lmao they call you a bitch for staying friends with his friend yet he starts dating his homies ex gf ?
I want flan
workouts be killinnn' me - better have good results
favorite weather
Peda segura
Next weekend gonna be lit AF
woke up drunk still
@OlagueDaniel
Game 6 #KershawDay
screaming already
bad decision to wear heels
halloween party numero 1 maana - purging with my girls
did you not know I'm on a diet
primero te asen enojar y luego te traen pizza para que te pongas contenta #brothers
Game 3 today
that moment you drop your brothers phone and it cracks more than it already is
do y'all have that one friend you can talk about food literally ALL day long ? Or is it just our fattassss ?
I'm only on my phone for the memes - LITERALLY
I can't even look at my phone without smiling cuss my brothers think I'm texting with a guy? like guy my phones dry AF
y que pensaste; que te iba rogar, que te iba buscar, que te iba hablar -
why am I so moody
Adding Kahlua to my coffee because fuck this shitty time
anywaysssss - where's my coffee
just when I thought everything was good
shooting range on sundaaaay
I'm so sorrrryyyy - I promise I'll have you running before the year ends if the lord lets me get back on track
my car finally gave out
i skipped one AA class and I've had a beer each night since then
I want mashed potatoes
me da igual lo que piensas de mi - tu opinin nunca importar
@Juicyjay_13 I'm not pro at it though lol. And I need to buy my shoes still
@Juicyjay_13 thanks!!! will do!  any updates on that soccer team?
healthy eating &amp; exercising now - let's hope I loose 10 lbs before the end of the year
waiting for zumbaaaaa to start
when you drive the chevy but can't park in tight spots
so fucking over this heat - somebody shoot me please
what's wrong with me
I was literally having a melt down for 5 minutes
oh happy day
octoberfest I missed yaaaaa
con Dios todo es posible
Get right with God, &amp; watch God get you right!
@hello_meli that's kinda like PLL but I don't really know what's been going on
si te vas, yo tambin me voy - si me das, yo tambin te doy - mi amor bailamos asta las diez; asta que duelan los pies
like tf
my dad said I can't listen to banda ms anymore cuss he thinks I'm in love
I can make u ; make ur dreams come true, nothing that I wouldn't do, go to the ends of the  for u - to make you feel my  #Adele
missing my buffy  why does he have to work so much now
No doubt in my mind where you belong.
I know u haven't made ur mind up yet, but I would never do u wrong! I've known it from the moment that we met.
I can put your ass down in no time! Don't try me! I was good to you after everything but you wanna be dumb bout it !
thank god for screenshots! wanna act like I want you back? bye Felicia!
are you really that stupid to think I wouldn't find out ? little did you know !
acting like they the victim?
LMFAO why is it that once they can't have you back they try to talk shit on you?
I just thank God, I'm here ALIVE
let's make one thing clear, I'm not ashamed of what I went through a couple months ago. everything happened for a reason!
can I just say how much I've been enjoying life rn
Feeling Dead
glad I had a good support team in my first AA meeting
