@rmfnord I agree. I think this is something we should all concentrate on.
A laxative, but for detoxing the new Bruno Mars single from my ears.
"Me n some mates entered X-Factor and they thought we sounded decent"- Zayn Malik's entire book.
*puts on jumper wrong way round**takes it off**turns it over**puts on jumper wrong way round*FUCK.
FBI: We're opening an investigation into Mrs Clinton's deleted emails.Bill: *flashback of sending drunk nudes* I think that's unnecessary.
Me: Do you have the stapler?Boss:Me: My uncle licked ketchup off me as a kidBoss: What?Me: I said do you have the stapler?
Fear And Loathing In Myself
I once sold someone a coke can with 'not to be sold individually' on it, so I guess I've done my share of walking on the wild side.
[World's Strongest Man]"Red doesnt look good on you"...-Crowd claps respectfully-"Your eyebrows are uneven"...-Crowd loses it-
#AskNiallWhy are pharmacists blamed for the suicides brought on by prescription drug overdose?
Year 2018, Hillary is president, Trump is a TV chef on FOX with the high-cholesterol, low-witted show 'Make America Grate Again'
When you're sitting in the sunshine trying to enjoy your beer and the keys start harassing you https://t.co/xJKgvoIZpv
I notice #blacksfortrump is trending, which is weird because I thought I was the only one who enjoyed building a fort out of steak
This year for Halloween I'm going as Norman Reedus' face
Pinocchio was alarmed when he reached puberty his penis started lying.
Being easy like sunday morning is fine, but being easy like a Jenner is just distasteful.
How To Raise Your Kids: My Neighbour's Edition.Chapter One: Fuck it.
You know how Popeye always felt great after eating spinach?That's like me except with coffee, and I still feel crap.
If I were a Mortal Kombat character my finishing move would be tripping over and standing on my hand as I get back up.
[Babysitting]*straps on seatbelt*Listen,*passes 4-year-old a cup of Sprite*If you spill my refreshment, I'm spilling your blood.
I just saw a dad pushing his baby along in a pram made to look like an Audi which makes that kid the youngest shithead I've ever seen.
Batman: *SMACK* I'M HERE TO SAVE GOTHAM!Clown: Please! I'm not Joker!B: *POW* YOU'RE LYING!C: I swear to God-B: *BIFF* SWEAR TO ME!!
The most terrible thing about this 'clown craze' is that most of them can't even juggle that well.
Where can I get one of those new Samsungs that catch fire and might kill me in my sleep?
(2 vans are sitting in a car park)Peugeot: Peugeots are better than Citroens.Citroen: You're the Expert.Not sorry.
[backstage at rock concert]omgomgomg will you sign my album!?"Sure."Great! *loads spotify app*
Her: He just can't throw anything away, our house is a messCouples therapist: Is that true?Me (holding a bag of toenail clippings): No.
All I wanna do is settle down and get married and have kids and summon the devil and wear sweater vests
Dye Hard (2017)Alan Rickman's zombie resurfaces and challlenges Bruce Willis to a t-shirt design contest.
As the saying goes "an apple a day keeps your greengrocer in business during this financial decline"
Just got an email about salted jelly meat but it was spam
Ben Smith ran 401 marathons to raise awareness of bullying and will now play 733 rounds of golf to raise awareness of senseless ideas.
Her: It's not you, it's me.Me: You mean "it's I".Her: Too fucking right it is.
Pretty incredible how I can automatically breathe in my sleep but can't open a packet of bacon without scissors.
Boss: Wtf?Me: Sorry I was spinning on YOUR chair, but my SO-CALLED BOSS won't get ME a spinning chairBoss: You don't work here!Me: So?
[hearing about a local murder]Most people: "oh no!" "how sad" "is it anyone we know?"Me: *wishfully checks for a drop in property value*
Kim tried to outrun the robbers, but they were Keeping Up With The Kardashians
Got a disciplinary for googling what 'the sesh' means on company time, again.
You had me at 'writer/comedian/songwriter'
I've failed Sober For October
Top 10 tomatoes:1. Cherry tomato2. Tomato3. Grilled/fried tomato4. Unripe tomato5. Rotten tomato67.8.9.10. Sundried tomato
Chuck Norris: What kind of house has only 1 side?Unwary citizen: ...a round hou-Chuck Norris: *fatal kick in the head*
Grown Ups 3Adam Sandler and the gang awake in 1885 and must fart-joke their way back to the future in this HILARIOUS LAUGH.OUT.LOUD Western
Wasp: HeyMe:Wasp: Mind if I come closer?Me: I gotta goWasp: I'm coming with you, and I'm going in your earMe: NononoFUCKAWAYFROMME
..and I was like "Excuse me Doc. Why don't we hold the therapy while I go take a thera-PEE? " and he said "You aren't making any progress."
WHERE'S THE TRIGGER!? WHEEEERE IS IT!?- Bruce Wayne watching a TV show with replica guns
We get it, guy in the Royksopp t-shirt. You know Royksopp.
Attractive nurse: You're being dischargedMe: *throws self down the stairs*
'I went to #debatenight and all I got was this damn T-shirt'
Labour: Resign, Jeremy Corbyn!Corbyn: I'm staying.L: We don't want you!C: It's me or a Welsh version of me.L: ...alright Corbyn.
I invited John over for drinks.'Big John or John who still enters every room shouting "WAZUUUP"?'Big John.'Oh.'
When someone doesn't get my twitter name https://t.co/2Bx428lREc
Hey babe, this may be the chloroform talking but *passes out*
[Trying to impress my feminist date]"Waiters right? More like Cant-WAIT-To-Enforce-Their-Phallic-Patriarchy-Upon-Us, huh?"
[Singing along to Prince]"...be-cause to-night I'm gonna take a nap at 19:45"
Ghostbusters. Starring only children in wheelchairs with speech impediments because 'they can act too, Hollywood'
Movie ideas:- The Shawshank Redemption 2, starring Will Ferrell- Ghostbusters (An all-dog cast)- Jurassic Universe (Space dinosaurs)
The greatest thing about eating Skyr is telling everybody that you eat Skyr
When you're planning to destroy a city but Ozzy and Britney turn up and get you to destroy your liver instead https://t.co/vuRJR0vncb
Maybe if they didn't call Ginger Ale 'Ginger' Ale then more people would associate themselves with it.
Well. Man Of Steel was a failure.- MAKE A BATMAN SUPERMAN MOVIEWell. Batman Vs. Superman was a failure.- DO THE WHOLE JUSTICE LEAGUEWell
'RYAN!' yells the barman. 'Drink up! We're closing!' The man rises to his feet, stumbling a bit. 'Fuck off.' he says, tripping over after.
'RYAN!' yells the barman. 'Drink up! We're closing!' The man rises to his feet, stumbling a bit. 'Fuck off.' he says, tripping over after.
- Fade in -A man stares into the bottom of his nearly empty glass.He swishes the remains of his whiskey around and hums the Batman theme.
You ever spend so long at night just staring at a clock that you ask yourself "What the hell am I doing in a clock warehouse anyway?"
"Pneumonia?" Donald said, wincing at a page on his podium "More like OLDMONIA! Am I right?"Beer shot from every Trump supporters nostrils.
I think if I gathered all my colleagues and made them watch me throw away litter it would be like them watching fireworks for the first time
@alexander_cake #nofriendslist
Being invited to join Instagram is great because I haven't had a good reason to block anyone lately
The council denied my request to disable an annoying streetlight by my houseUnrelated: Someone fucking smashed a streetlight by my house
OBVIOUSLY the egg came before the chicken because why would God just create a fully grown adult chicken?- creationists
Dictionary people: What do you want us to define 'Brexit' as?Theresa May: You fucking know what
Are you ever in a crowded area and suddenly notice you're staring at someone and screaming U2's 'With Or Without You' ?
I just swatted a fly as hard as I could and it flew away unharmed, so it looks like I'm not joining UFC any time soon.
For every day a "Magic!" song is played, an infant shoots himself with his dad's gun 'accidentally'Coincidence?
Coworker: The weekend goes so fast!Me: *looks at boss*Everyday is a weekend when you work here!*mentally choosing which pills to OD on*
Kids are always asking stupid shit like "what happens if I put this fork in the power socket?" and "why did you let me do that?"
Brain: Ugh. Look at this customer walking up to me. I'm gonna force a pen through his fucking eye.Customer: HiMe: Hiya! Can I help?
Why was Britain's leave campaign slogan "take control" and not "Brex yourself before you riggity wrecks yourself"?
[In traffic]Me: So this "back to school" time is terrible no matter what age you are, huh?Guy in lane next to me: Fuck off.
I'm good at being alone, I used to do it all the time as a kid
What do you call a man with no shins?Jerry. And Jerry doesn't appreciate being mocked for his disability.
You ever get so much chlorine in your eye that you accidentally trash a Brazilian gas station and pretend you've been mugged?- Ryan Lochte
I'd hang myself, but I have limited knowledge of knots.
You're so plain, you probably think this song is produced with the intent of criticising an acquaintance or character known to the author.
TV: "This programme contains strong language and scenes of a sexual nature"Me: *small honking gesture*
The Rock at an AA meeting:Any newcomers?Hi, I'm Gary and-IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT YOUR NAME IS!*smashes steel chair over Gary's head*
I wish I could kill garden weeds as easily as I can kill a cheerful atmosphere
Parents: We're leaving, behave yourself.Me, age 16: Of course! Enjoy your trip!-10 mins later-Me (rearranging furniture): OH GOD YES!!
Coffee breaks are a great way to meet customers who assume you're not busy and can definitely chat.
Celeb gameshow contestants:-Actress in cereal ad-X Factor quarter-finalist-TV host in the 70s-Man who played zombie in The Walking Dead
GO TO YOUR TOMB AND THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU DID.- medieval skeleton being grounded
I'm sure I'm not the first to think of this but fuck you let me have my moment.
My friends and I are trying to learn some Bowie songs on guitar but we're Absolute Beginners.
Eazy Come, Eazy Go:A Rapper's Biography.
Bosses always say shit like "it's coming out of your wages" and "stop clipping your toenails at your desk"
@alexander_cake rude
I haven't met a polite person since 2003
"Dad?"Yes son?"Am I adopted?"Yes son"Why did nobody tell me?"Yes son"..."LOL, your face right now!"...so-"You're not mine.
Jesus facts1. He never washed his "healing" hands2. He turned water into ROS wine3. He was crucified like 'omg my dads gonna crucify me'
Well, it's quite sunny out, so I thought I better flick on the headlights.- 60% of drivers
Me: This meal is EGGcellent!Waitress: HahahaMe: hahamarrymehahaHer: what?Me: I said the weather's nice we should get married in itSHIT
[Van meetup]Me: So what do you drive?Van Halen: I think there's been a mistake. We thought-Van Morrison: *disruptive incoherent noise*
Simba: Dad? You think they should make a sequel about MY rebellious kid when I'm older?Mufasa: No.
Some of us only use abbreviations because of character limits, but I can see you're not one of those people, are 'u'?
Why are bookkeepers called bookkeepers and librarians not?
"I hate people who take forever to text back"I wish it was the 80s and we still used payphones.
Me: *clinks drinks* I'm so glad you gave me another chanceMe (now wearing wig): Me too, sugardoodle!Me (no wig): wtf is wrong with me?
I'm thinking of buying a BMW because it's been a long time since I last tailgated a bicycle and dropped 2 gears to loudly overtake them.
When people don't get your nostalgic Spyro memes https://t.co/H9dZxQ6DR5
When people think you're a Gnice Gnorc, and you gotta show them there's Gnothing 'Gnice' about you. https://t.co/a3b81puQB8
Bully: wanna knuckle sandwich?Me: are the crusts cut off?Bully: what?Me: AT LEAST cut into quarters, right?Bully:Me: Fucking useless.
Me: I drank too much last nightCoworker: Sounds fun! Where'd you go?Me: *flashback of crying to Joy Division in my pitch black house*
My self-loathing is so strong lately that it's taking it's stringer vest off and flexing on instagram.
Life is just distracting yourself as much as you can before you finally die
There are 3 kinds of people in this world:1. People who can count to 32. People like me
At some point you have to wonder if S Club 7 ever did stop movin' to that funky funky beat
What Britain REALLY needs are more Victorian crime dramas and more middle-aged women watching them.
You ever tried going to bed without drinking?Also, why are there people walking their dogs at 4am?
List of olympians I've heard of:- Usain Bolt- Caitlyn Jenner
You like bad boys? I once watched a whole episode of Sons of Anarchy
What kind of house do you think Kante lives in?I think it's a buN'golo
I enjoy taking long walks across your spine- Thai masseuse
[Me as a dad]How was school today?"Okay. Wanna see my T Rex drawing?"The brilliant glam rock band or the dinosaur?"Huh?"No then.
FUN PRANK:When someone asks you for the salt, loosen the cap of the saltshaker and then throw it at their annoying kid.
Yeah I like you, but I also like the Batman franchise and look what happened there
Hey, TV reporters who don't like people yelling and waving at the camera, what did you fucking expect?
You're in a room for 10 hours, strapped to a chair and forced to sit through:A. Suicide Squad, on loopB. Live Olympics coverageGO!
If I had a penny for every cunt who gave me shit in school and then invited me to like their business facebook page I'd be fucking loaded.
I only quote The Kinks *occasionally.*all day, and all of the night.
While My Guitar Unattractively Cries Loudly
Brock Lesnar job history:McDonaldsWWEUFCWWEUFCPlumberBackup vocalistUFCFull time daddyFitness instructorWWEStarbucksUFC
And then he said my slang was all "outdated" or whatever and I was all like "cool story, bro!"
Just used A BAR of soap to wash my hands so I might as well just climb into a fucking longboat and become a Viking.
You ever see things in the clouds like a tree or your life falling apart?
Friend: How long is your Elton John obsession gonna last?Me: I thinks it gonna be a long long timeF: Well you-M: Til touchdown brings-
[First AA meeting]"I think what I love most about alcohol is how it makes me feel, you know?"and that's how I ruined 15 lives that day.
