Fireworks to celebrate the new King Willem-Alexander.
We have a new king. King Willem-Alexander.
Worked in the garden this weekend. I'm tired and I'm going to sleep early.  ;-)
One day to go, and tomorrow....weekend!!!!
Goodmorning Goodmorning y'all. It's six o'clock. And I'm on my easy to work.
1 hr 45 min. 14,5km.  New personal record. Running.
This evening AA meeting. Step 9.
I should have ran the Rotterdam marathon. But I overslept this morning. $&amp;_$adds_gg :-(
Rotterdam marathon this weekend and I don't feel really good. Hopefully it elk get better before Sunday.
I went yesterday to the AA, I learn new things everyone.
I do not feel like a million dollar. Going to work anyway.
My life is getting better every week.
I have been to a dim sum restaurant. Mmmmm love it.
What to do what to do.
My legs still hurt from practice last Thursday. I'll go fitness tomorrow....or not.
Cat went to the vet. We came home with a complete pharmacy. http://t.co/EKtqL8Ji61
@AlcoholFreeDays good for you. Keep tweeting.
Marathon Rotterdam. 14 April!!!!!
On my way to work.
Today summertime started. We are d still waiting for the summer.
Sport is the key to staying sober..
I ran today 5km in 9.5 km/hr. Tomorrow the magic 10 km/hr?
I just calculated the days I've been sober. It's 543 days !!!
The sun is shining but the temperature is still stuk on freezing. Hello spring where are you.
One day at the time.
For the first time took my dog with me running. We did 7km. And she did great.
It's cold outside. Went for a walk with the dog. Now I want a cup of hot chocolate.
I feel energetic, going for a run this afternoon.
Doctor said I can keep on with running. Ankle will heal on it's own. Happy  :-)
Have to go to the doctor, for my ankle. I hope I'll be able to keep on with my running.
It's time to take my meds and go to sleep. Tired....
Tomorrow it's time for a long run. I set my alarmclock and put out my running clothes
Fitness and running are my new addictions.  :-D
Good morning everybody. First fitness and than work.
Today had a busy day.  Work, fitness, quick  meal and that to my course. I am going to bed early.
Proof of my accomplishment.  :-P http://t.co/XWXRkgOFlE
Ran 10 km in the city pier city run. It took 1 hour and 7 minutes.
Lexapro made mine depression go away. It makes me feel free..
It's nine o'clock in the evening and I can't stay awake anymore. Going to bed early.
Today had a pyramid training. I am ready for the city pier city run in Den Haag.
I ran this morning 11.5 km. I'm very proud. Now I need to sit and study for a test biology tomorrow.  :-D
I was early out of bed. That's a different kind of day. Goodmorning to you all.
I am going to sleep early tonight. ;-)
Today found my starting number for the city pier city run next Sunday. I hope the weather will be oke. http://t.co/4gkEyzkr6W
http://t.co/6Cd4HRQGNv
Life is a rollercoaster.
For how long do you stay an alcoholic?
Decided to get some spring in the house. http://t.co/h7kdxe4O4s
Went running for almost a hour. I felt really good.
going to study again. In a couple of months I should be analyst.
I had one of my cats put down, because she had cancer in her mouth
I touched the white fence today.
Tomorrow I'm doing a training \"energy for performance in life\". I am curious.
@StreetCatBob  hi James and bob. I just read your book. I hope you two are doing oke.
hi James and bob. I just read your book. I hoop you two are doing oke.
@runningsober ha, just had step three myself. :-)
Had my first AA meeting. It was rather intens.
