running Orgo 2 problem session. nice break from my workload.
so ready to just get this exam over with! many other things I would like to devote my energy toward today 
I'm so sick of people that complain their professors are \"too hard\" seriously.. this is college, it's not supposed to be easy. #GoAway
90s rock is making me very happy this morning!
if only every day could start this way!
wake up yoga while breakfast is in the oven 
completely relaxed and ready for a great nights sleep 
time for PM yoga 
I have not been productive since the moment I got home, and it has felt GREAT.
make that FOUR light cycles.. but now I'm first in line and I actually know how to drive, so that's good.
there NEEDS to be a left arrow for the light leaving Mallard Pointe.. three light cycles later I'm still waiting 
you know your dog is spoiled when you go to the store specifically for breakfast ingredients and still spend more money on him  #KirbyKins
just realized I'm out of avocados.. which means I have to end my study session before the store closes  #ExamDayRituals #Breakfast
quick Archer study break 
a full morning of chemical therapy.. now for a full day of biochem study  #AtkinsFlow
extremely productive 18 hours.. must repeat tomorrow!
bamboo and willow aromatherapy and my Tycho playlist #MoodSet #StudyTime
when they say the exit nearest your vehicle is closing.. time to evacuate the building  it was a real eight hours club atkins.
been at club atkins for 4 hours.. 4 more to go  #ExamCram
I wish I could track my etsy purchases  #NerdShirtsOnTheWay #Impatient
I get in my car and the Beatles are on.. it's going to be a great day 
dark side of the moon vinyl edition  in heaven @LauraCantrell_
here goes nothing  ready to get it over with!
decided to not kill myself in exam preparation tonight.. curious to see how this goes!
I need coffee in the worst kind of way.
I really just need about 6 more hours added to each day..
my car conveniently gets warm as soon as I get home 
the snow is pretty.. too bad I'm stuck in pchem lab until 5
coming up for air 
Above the Earth, Below the Sky. 
I love how @LauraCantrell_ and I communicate via text &amp; multiple social media apps.. at the same time.. consistently #MoreIsAlwaysBetter
just purchased our tickets to science on the rocks this Friday 
taking advantage of midday naptime 
I've eaten two bowls of edamame today.. I should have just made edamame hummus  #AfterThought
it's about to be a chill music kind of day  the acid set that tone 
and we got the day.. took them long enough to decide! there's also snow in the forecast for tomorrow  wishful thinking for tomorrow also
throwing responsibility to the wayside.. shamelessly enjoying tonight 
patiently waiting for ALL classes to be cancelled tomorrow, with official closing of UNCC.. why is that too much to ask for @UNCCProblems
as of now.. classes resume at 11.. can we get them to not resume until at least noon?! #NoInstrumentalPlease
@UNCCProblems @unccharlotte yes cause all the commuters that have long drives in the worst of the weather don't matter #WeAreACommuterSchool
and it's snowing  I'm going to enjoy my meal with a nice glass of Cabernet 
making Parmesan crusted chicken, over pasta with sauted broccoli and cauliflower 
not going home because of @LauraCantrell_ man she owes me 
I would really love an eye roll emoji.
dunkin donuts break before I go back to campus for biochem 
grocery store &amp; liquor store stops before I go home 
that wasn't so painful.
even by candle light this thermo does not become interesting or enjoyable, but I tried. #NotStudying
I should study.. but I really don't care at the moment.
when everything becomes hilarious.. it's time for a study break because productivity is clearly a non-factor.
on that club atkins flow 
playtime with the dogs  then I have to study forever.
they wayyy over salted the roads.. making it extremely difficult to drive with the constant strong gusts of wind 
THAT ENDING 
front row with @LauraCantrell_ 
thus far, Valentine's Day has been PERFECT  I have the most amazing people in my life!
if you need a holiday for your significant other to do something nice for you.. I think you should reevaluate your relationship #HappyVDay
SO glad that waffle day happened the first day after my cleanse was completed  #PerfectTiming
@LauraCantrell_ it was beyond perfect, no one else I would have rather been with 
I feel so relaxed and amazing 
\"I staticked really hard\"  Alex is winning right now #StaticShock
COME ON 5 O'CLOCK 
FINALLY DONE GRADING THIS EXAM 
in less than 24 hours I'll be in heaven with one of the most gorgeous people in the world.. so I guess that makes up for today.
I despise group projects, for so many reasons.
only Dr. Cooper would hit around the beach ball with me during lab 
pretty positive my instrumental lab partner will not be here today  makes for a REALLY long and lonely lab.
electroanalytical chemistry 
the definition of self-control is going into Dunkin Donuts and only leaving with a coffee!
and... back to grading 
@lmChristianGrey: Mr. Grey will see you now.\nhttps://t.co/VfgQgmWDl8 @LauraCantrell_ 
celebrating Josh's birthday at the flying saucer 
pchem lab consists of sitting around &amp; waiting for directions.. only given a few at a time.. so we sit &amp; wait for more.. really inefficient.
@FemaleTexts: Valentines Day is in 3 days and I want a boyfriend and Im going to cry. Nahhhhh I've got @LauraCantrell_  that's better!
can I just put everyone around me on mute?
@chiefwahoo24 I'm so mad I can't make it.. you'll kill it though!
I can't even handle the idea that people truly have foot fetishes. It makes my skin crawl.
pchem &amp; instrumental kind of night 
@oisen25 @KIBerg17  getting so domesticated!! Home cooked meal when I visit?
it's hair day with the wonderful Meredith  officially the beginning of pampering week.
excuse me while I gag for a moment
as the day goes on.. I feel worse 
you might be running late to class.. but that's your own fault, you can't run me over in the process! geez.
I can't swallow  I hope this sore throat is where it ends.
mmm edamame
I just realized that I haven't changed my windshield wipers since I purchased my car.. I think I should do that now 
all the plans for this week &amp; weekend have given me serious motivation to get all my schoolwork done ASAP 
I would never let someone get away with destructive psychotic behavior towards someone that doesn't deserve it. ESPECIALLY myself.
sore and sleepy.. busy week ahead, but LOTS to look forward to 
it's been way too long since I've had a nice bowl of pasta  #CleanseStartsTomorrow
@LauraCantrell_ and I are going to have the best Valentine's Weekend 
@suzie_baiz but chainsaw massacre is 
when your research advisor sees you and says \"wow, you look exhausted, is everything okay?\" 
chemical love 
Starbucks is falling apart with all these new, slow employees.
...and being out until 2:30  I already foresee struggling with the alarm clock.
when a friend texts you at midnight asking if you're awake &amp; you're already in bed, don't respond unless you're okay with leaving the house.
@suzie_baiz I should see you this weekend!
much needed nap 
all I want is my typical post exam nap... but no, we have a 6 hour instrumental lab 
I only left one question blank.. I'm calling that a win.
Chevelle radio  old habits die hard.. almost ready for go time.
time to cram the last bit of information I can.
try to avoid 77 south into uptown if you can!! all lanes blocked 
walking by the class I'm currently skipping #Shameless
the guy across the room is typing so loudly.. that I can hear the speedy and obnoxious keystrokes over my music.
the amount of work that needs to be completed in the next 24 hours.. is ridiculous.
natural selection and evolution 
beyond exhausted, yet completely restless.
these problem sessions are DRAINING
bye bye productive night 
Tonight was perfectly mapped out to be productive with HW, lab report&amp;exam prep. Etzkorn goes \"you can run a prob session from 6-9 tonight?\"
everyone north and south of us are complaining of snow.. meanwhile it's 60 degrees in Charlotte  #NoWinterZone #ILoveIt
congrats to Russell Wilson for making the biggest mistake and worst play of his entire career.
@riceczek they have been increasingly disappointing since the mid-late 90s
If the Seahawks win I'm not going to my 9:30 class.. but if that Patriots win, I'm probably still not going to my 9:30 class. #HonestTweet
I predict a SEAHAWKS win, fingers crossed I'm right 
my Prodigy remix playlist is probably the sickest throwback playlist to ever wake up to this fine Sunday #BreatheThePressure
I really can't do scary documentaries late at night anymore 
@suzie_baiz but I wasn't complaining?
I definitely wanted to spend my Saturday night studying instrumental and working on a pchem report.. yep, living the DREAM.
sushi and sake always hits the spot 
unmarked cop cars on campus waiting at all the stop signs and lights for someone to pull over @UNCCProblems obnoxious
not a fan of people that constantly complain about things that they can change.. how about you shut up and do something about it then?
lab alllll day.
just got my ticket for SNOCORE!!! beyond excited  #FourDays
the realization that the entire weekend will be filled with homework (MINUS the SB of course) makes me really sad 
I have a crazy jealous dog  #KirbyKins
wine and homemaking meals go hand in hand 
@LauraCantrell_ how much cleaning have you done?!
being called out for leaving instrumental lab early  saving face by going back..
we are in an empty room.. stop screaming, your voice is annoying enough 
exam was pretty easy.. but we are never getting it back 
first exam of the semester..  stupid ecology.
goodnight phone calls?! that escalated quickly..
studying until my brain can not take anymore.. and then studying some more.
seriously dying right now  I don't think I've ever laughed so hard.. EVER.
KirbyKins only has ONE more day of being on antibiotics 
long successful day in the lab.. a few hours of work left and I'm good to go home to relax 
@LauraCantrell_ 
@LauraCantrell_ 
the worst part is having the leave the lab to work &amp; study.. do I really have to?!
MAJOR breakthroughs in the lab  I can barely contain my excitement!
I should probably study and do homework.. but I'm convinced falling asleep early is the better choice 
wings, beer and face time with  @missmarycollins  no better way to spend my Monday night
if this whack job doesn't stop addressing us like we are complete morons.. I'm going to lose it 
@suzie_baiz what's wrong little one?
baby boy has an intestinal infection, but these antibiotics will make him all better!!
overslept.. but on the way to the vet with my little man 
stayed home with my sick Kirby all day, but off to work so I can hopefully afford the inevitable expensive vet bill tomorrow 
stressed and full of anxiety 
leaving lab 3 hours early to go be with my little man 
shoutout to my mom for making and then rescheduling (canceling) Kirby's vet appointment for me while I'm stuck in class! thanks @JudyBaiz
more tragic news for my family.. please keep us in your thoughts 
I can't believe it's snowing in Maryland, while its sunny and 60 degrees here in Charlotte 
I guess so I can see some of my favorite people 
sometimes I wonder why I even bother to show up to this class..
I have a feeling that today is not going to be my day 
of course time warner is doing \"maintenance\" that will interrupt services as I sit down to do my homework 
so glad my little man is feeling better 
I've never crossed my fingers so hard 
generous businessmen  thank you
oh, you drive an automatic? that's cute.. and an auto minus 2 
it's way too beautiful to be stuck indoors all day 
research and homework.. simultaneously.. not sure how well this will work out?
this starbucks line is absurd, but coffee is essential for instrumental 
night number 2.. I think the kirbs might be sick 
bartending at AZN for the #QueensFeast
music up and the windows down 
Picasso's for lunch with all the ogle lab boys!
but I do feel super terrible for him, who knows how long he's been like that 
the last thing I wanted to come home to was a shit covered dog in his crate 
the last thing I wanted to come home to was a shit covered dog in his crate 
and overtime it is.. wow
probably the best 2-point conversion I've ever seen 
OKAY, now this game is completely mind blowing 
is anyone else mind blown with the way this Seattle vs Green Bay game is going?!
watching TV.. in the comfort of my own home 
got a solid 4 hours in with my chemicals this morning 
1 year and 4 months after I lost just about everything to my name.. I am finally getting myself a TV 
everyone going out to enjoy restaurant week here in Charlotte, make sure to take care of your servers &amp; bartenders!! #QueensFeast
restaurant week begins today.. so I'll be bartending the night away at AZN in South Park 
running these problems sessions is exhausting.. thankfully I get to head to the bar soon 
didn't realize that today is also going to be a long day.. looking forward to tomorrow!
and it's finally time to RELAX 
playing drinking games while grading these exams 
I just want to take your time 
GAS IS $1.99 in the university  haven't seen that in about a decade now.
\"it takes way too much effort to put my boots on\" my response to why I'm leaving my parents house in my socks  #TheStruggle
what's a chemical bond? @suzie_baiz says \"when two molecules hit it off on a first date\" she's definitely in HS 
helping the minion study for her biomed final  gotta make @suzie_baiz the smartest HS freshie, we have standards in this family 
I'm almost positive I know more organic chemistry, and at a much deeper level, than my biochem professor  #Frustrating
OMG THREE DAY WEEKEND?! I keep forgetting 
when someone is at the board, it is incredibly rude to have loud sidebar conversations.. just saying, show some decency.
the amount of rude in this room right now is honestly disgusting.
I just have to make it to Friday 
mentally exhausted 
from one uninteresting class to another.. at least Cooper is highly animated #Instrumental #ChemLife
@GlassAnimals makes my day instantly so much better 
BIG breakthrough in lab this morning  we are in serious grind mode now
I can't wait until people start skipping their morning classes.
struggling to stay awake for the rest of this game.. we all know Ohio State is going to win anyway.
on a positive note, I got the majority of my homework done during that exam 
proctoring a 3.5 hour exam.. not quite how I pictured my Monday night.
coffee is a necessity for this day, which I am currently lacking.
completely forgot that I have to proctor an exam tonight at 6 
I'm very happy with the outcome of the games this weekend thus far  elated with a Cowboys loss though 
indoor stairwells are not conducive to moving.. at all.
football, drinks, friends 
the only person you can ever fully count on is yourself, once you learn to accept that life becomes so much easier!
escape it all, it's just irrelevant.
burson all day.. but really looking forward to tonight!
@FlTNESS: F.R.I.E.N.D.S workout http://t.co/bMGm4KaSy7 @suzie_baiz
it's sad to see someone lose their ambitions over a relationship #RedFlagsEverywhere
my financial aid REALLY needs to hit 
and the first one called to the board in pchem  my luck.
peanut butter &amp; everything pretzel chips are amazing.
walking to class in 15 degree weather is not typically how I would like to start my day  #Brrr
who am I kidding.. it's WAY too early in the semester to take my classes seriously.
homework, Netflix or having company over.. decisions decisions..
already dreading the insanely cold weather coming this way 
@FactsOfSchool: On my way to school like http://t.co/1SzW5ZSHuk sitting in pchem lab like... @LauraCantrell_
mechanistic biochemistry might be enjoyable.. if only I didn't have the worst professor ever 
advanced organic mechanisms will be my favorite class ever 
starting the semester with pchem 2.. miserable 
@JeanRobertMarc except I love what I do! Always the conundrum!
stuck in lab for much longer than I anticipated  and I actually have other things to do.
there is really no greater feeling than freshly toned hair 
the wine vault always makes me happy, but even more so after a long day in the lab.
first reading assignment for my advanced ochem mechanisms class is up  I know what I'm doing tonight #NerdLife
who wants to help me search for school supplies tonight?!
breakfast for a late lunch will make the rest of this lab day very enjoyable.. even if I am just watching distillations #NecessaryEvil
@LauraCantrell_  thanks for making it such a great night!
heading home to get some quality face time with @LauraCantrell_ 
a Dallas loss today would make me the happiest person ever #LetsGoLions
all of the \"I haven't done _____ since last year\" posts are highly irritating, can we act a little more mature please?
driving into the city is ridiculous right now.. I hope the panthers lose tonight #GoCardinals
first big meteor shower of the year peaks tonight.. looking for a good spot to hit after work 
be happy, it drives people crazy 
being a lab rat before guest bartending tonight  two of my favorite trades
when people have the right to choose, they always choose wrong.
everyone loves the bartender  #NYE #LetsParty http://t.co/Dw1tv1YyOb
crazy jealous girls  #SorryNotSorry #GetALife
yayyy @missmarycollins is coming to visit me 
I'll be ringing in the new year behind the bar 
I lost respect for a lot of people this year. Thankful for all of my true friends  #QualityOverQuantity
it's almost incomprehensible how pathetic some people are.
another holiday lunch with the lab group.. old &amp; new  #ChemistryNerds #GroupLove
I hate hair washing day 
I will never get used to the early darkness.. hello pitch black skies 
definitely a hot tub kind of night 
waiting for someone to get off work is like watching water come to a boil #TheWorst
\"look a mummy sleeping bag, I bet the Egyptians would love that shit\" good lord I missed this girl @missmarycollins
I have butterflies for you  oh thanks @missmarycollins
driving with the windows down the day after Christmas  I love it!
can't sleep, so I'm binge watching Portlandia while everyone else does 
sibling sleepover going down in my old bedroom
glass of bubbly to get me in the spirit 
Think happy. Be happy.  home for Christmas.
cleaning up and going home early.
biggest disappointment in the lab today 
5 am alarm so I can get my entire list of things done tomorrow before heading home 
coconut oil hair treatment 
car is dead &amp; my phone is dying. what an excellent day.
@suzie_baiz why are you so lazy?
it's like instant gratification for whatever spectral data I need to obtain.
the best part of break is having all of the chemistry instruments to myself 
FINALLY got to the lab.
I feel like I'm in a gas chamber 
@suzie_baiz negative
seeing red right now.
obviously this isn't going to be quick.. playing the waiting game 
hoping for the quickest carpet clean ever!
@suzie_baiz @JudyBaiz WOW. Rude.
wrapping Christmas presents  with a nice bottle of local Cabernet 
10 hours in the lab today 
Christmas shopping for the family is ALL DONE! Now fingers crossed that everything is delivered Wednesday like it's supposed to be!
good news, I saved $597 on books for next semester. bad news, I had to buy them today for the deals. #BrokeDuringTheHolidays
back in burson  ready to push forward in research!
the university is closed.. so why can't I park in the burson lot?! 
my bed has never felt so good &amp; these Kirby cuddles have never been so sweet 
really didn't want to unpack until I realized I could just put everything into the wash.. why have I never thought of this before?!
vacation was the best ever &amp; I had an absolute blast! but I'm ready to get back to the lab tomorrow 
home sweet home 
drowning my sorrows away in peppermint bark cheesecake
@uSTADIUM OF COURSE  http://t.co/jdNxrt7Q8Q
@uSTADIUM still filling in but mostly GREEN 
it's as if we are in Philly with all this green #FlyEaglesFly
metro was packed with Eagles fans 
ice pack on the foot  not even sure what, why or how.
just witnessed the most amazing shooting star 
charades is by far the worst game ever.
holiday movies, cocktails and taboo with some pretty amazing people I haven't seen in years 
in the building of lies and cover ups
THE CRIME MUSEUM 
being in the national art gallery makes me realize that in 200 years.. people will look back at our generation in disappointment
the hope diamond is the epitome of every girls letdown
it's museum day 
Vinti vanilla peppermint mocha for the chilly walk around town this morning 
when making me breakfast, know that coffee is the most important part &amp; should be ready first.
hello instant headache 
music mixes of pop bullshit make me want to lose the sense of hearing.
enjoying every minute of the last hours with Riley Skyy 
it's the best to see how excited Riley gets to see me when he wakes up 
a wonderful birthday in the books 
@DoltYourseIf: My family needs to do this  http://t.co/vGEXEkNF7H lets do this @suzyelizabethh
@LauraCantrell_  thank you!
@suzie_baiz love youu! Thanks!
with everything going on.. almost forgot that it's my BIRTHDAY 
It's truly sad the measures someone will go to make others miserable.. Maybe they should focus on themselves.. 
hot chocolate with marshmallows, Christmas music, and driving through all the lights! Riley's face is priceless 
sending snapchats to the wrong people  not the end of the world.
@chiefwahoo24 better than the 76ers 
this is honestly the last thing I ever wanted to deal with on vacation 
why is the sky glowing red as if the sun is rising?! it's 3 am 
at least my playlist is on point 
27 miles to go.. aaand completely stopped traffic #DCProblems
Charlotte in my rear view mirror 
my parents are the best! I love my birthday gifts 
lots and lots of Kirby cuddles 
nothing better than fresh hair 
my stylist just asked me to be a model in a side project of hers  couldn't be more excited!
beyond thrilled to be getting my hair done this morning 
you look like my next mistake 
and with that.. THE SEMESTER IS OVER 
final pchem lab report of the semester is turned in!
3 loads of laundry done &amp; put away.. the final one in the drier, but way too tired to start packing 
final pchem lab report of the semester is 95% done.. in one day.. I call that a win!
I really want to finish this pchem report tonight.
I truly can't decide between sleep and studying pchem.. 
left this important review session early to bartend.. what I'll do for some cash.. 
the line at starbucks NEVER ceases to amaze me 
I guess I'll attend this pchem review since I haven't touched it since the last test...
just solidified my A in addictions  in less than 30 minutes
I'm really sad that I'm about to take my addictions final tonight.. my favorite class ever.
that was the absolute worst way to start finals 
@JudyBaiz could not sound any more like you 
I seriously can't believe this final is about to be 40% of my grade 
final push before my first final this morning 
Eagles football over finals #SEAvsPHI #EaglesNation
I feel as though I'm being judged hard for cheering during this game.. which I'm totally streaming in the computer lab  #FlyEaglesFly
I'm not quite sure why I haven't started either of the two papers that I have due tomorrow at 5 pm. 
studying my entire day away  so upset I'm missing out on football Sunday.
the thought of being up at 6 am is looong gone 
completely in my element  #Bartender
I almost forgot how much I hate this commute to South Park.. people in NC seriously are the worst drivers I've ever seen.
lower lows, higher highs 
studying in burson until my shift tonight 
the weather today is not my favorite 
a notice that our apt doors would be painted today would have been nice.. I now have a navy blue hand and sweater sleeve 
classic finals week breakup in the library.. it cracks me up how dramatic some people are 
apparently I'm bartending tomorrow night.. I SERIOUSLY just want to study for finals.
walking to the library like \"PLEASE let me find somewhere to study\" 
2 days in a row I've come to campus to study &amp; have gotten stuck for 8+ hours in the lab.. absurd. here's to failing finals for research? 
the line for starbucks though.. like really?
the best part of finals week is always having great parking options.
@mr_2cool4school it's the best life 
getting mindless and binge watching Portlandia @mr_2cool4school is to blame
most excited that it's nap time 
the last day of classes seriously could not have come soon enough!
ready to get this surprise exam out of the way  #LastDayOfClasses 
@UniversityJokes: Hell is not a place, it's the two weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas break @LauraCantrell_ a gross understatement
@UniversityJokes: Hell is not a place, it's the two weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas break @LauraCantrell_ a gross understatement
well, I solidified my A in genetics and I don't have to take the final  one class 100% done.. 4 to go.
woke up late.. so ready to get this exam out of the way.
when I left my house my balcony was tan, I come back and it's now blue! I kind of like the color change.
I feel invincible with my headphones on.
The Acid to soothe my mind while I cram for genetics 
I hate this time of year.. I'll be finding somewhere else to study..
out of class early.. Atkins flow 
South Park in class  #Classic
I guess at least it gives me time to make my paper less terrible and rushed? Meh.
It's so beautiful outside  enjoying it before class
definitely forgot my glasses at home.. I can't see a damn thing.
climbing into bed at 4:30, alarm set for 5:55 #TheFinalPush
almost 2am.. pchem report 95% done, biochem HW 80% done, 0% of my research paper started &amp; 0% studying for my exam tomorrow 
@riceczek so terrible!
only the Giants could blow a 21-0 lead to one of the worst teams in the league.. I don't even understand.
I don't know what to do with my fantasy team today 
10 episodes.. 1 hour each.. going to watch them all tonight #NetflixBinge @suzyelizabethh
just realized one of the nights I committed to bartend.. is the night before my 8am pchem final  #Oops
just got asked to guest bartend two more nights in the near future 
I know a few people that won't be mad that I'm rocking my #OhioState sweatpants today 
@chiefwahoo24 yeah for sure. it's just tragic.
@chiefwahoo24 any word on the missing player? and do you think that will affect any of the players?
I need to get my ass in gear.. Lots to do today.
apparently we all bombed our pchem exam.. MJ is not going to his conference next week in lieu of our performance  #WeAreInTrouble
in three hours, I've gotten 159 words typed  at this rate I will never finish this paper.
@suzyelizabethh you aren't here  sorry!
got a pizza, breadsticks, and coke for only $3 #HowDidThatHappen
8 hours in the lab felt so good 
I must stop procrastinating, unfortunately all these papers and reports won't write themselves 
what an amazing @Eagles win  first place babyyyyy #FlyEaglesFly
I'm thankful for our defense today.. because for some reason our redzone game is lacking. #FlyEaglesFly
that was unreal #FlyEaglesFly
MATTHEWS 
I've been waiting for this game since the schedule was announced  #WeWantDallas #PHIvsDAL
@reIatable: If you're having a bad day... You're welcome  https://t.co/G9vrcg38Ba @suzyelizabethh
\"The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do\" 100%
the university is CLOSED.. why can't I park wherever I want with my $450 parking pass?! 
tequila shots? I think so.
post AA meeting drinks  #TwoPeopleThreeDrinks http://t.co/djQblFhBBk
Matt and I are going to our first AA meeting 
well that escalated quickly.
