Love has a funny way of sneaking up on you. She keeps me sprung, you know? I just hope I'm everything she needs me to be.
That awk moment when a goon passes by and insults @SWStheband and you ask him to fuck off nicely.
Wow. 1000 tweets. Way to go me!
Will she like me in person? :O
She actually makes me feel like I'm worth something. After all I've been through, all the bullshit and the liars...I've found someone real.
The symbols you have always looked to for strength are smoltering in ruin. This is what your greed has brought you.
Revenge is like a ghost... It takes over every man it touches... Its thirst cannot be quenched... Until the last man standing has fallen...
\"When their ammo ran dry, they used their blades. And when their blades ran dull, they used their hands.\"\n- Elias Walker\nThis guy is cool.
@AshKetchumTime I'll drink to that. *gets moomoo milk*
Wont Go Home Without You by @maroon5 is saying what I want to say.
.45 with one in the chamber. Fuck the world.
My life is in shambles. Complete shit. I cant continue so lost, lonely, and tired. Where do I go from here?
I actually started cutting. The one thing I was against...
Its been one hell of a week. I guess having one in the chamber at your bedside the night you miss people, especially her...not a good idea.
I want you for Christmas, #Left4Dead2
All my twitter followers, have a merry Christmas.
Seek out the grave, the one with your stone. Only then will you have the truth to you shown.
I admit defeat. Carey beat me 75-71, besting my SA-805 with his AK-12. Hectic game.
And now, the moment you've been waiting for. Carey vs. Richard in an epic battle to the death on Call of Duty: Ghosts. #theghostsarereal
@anysaalovee I no has life? XD jk
If you still like me or something,  you could have told me. Baka.
I hate girls who can't stick to just one guy, but cry when they're lonely. -_-
All these people venting their problems on fb and twitter, and im just sitting here digesting pizza.
#theghostsarereal
#GHOSTS4SHOOTEROFDAYEAR
Well, Econ exam over. Got a 72% overall. That's not bad considering its Econ.
Cheeseburgers and Cheeseburgers and Cheeseburgers and Cheeseburgers and Cheeseburgers and Cheeseburgers and Cheeseburgers and Cheeseburgers.
I kinda want a 3DS and Pokemon X...\nGIMME GIMME GIMME
My blood boils with my hate. My mind is clouded with doubt. My heart knows my fate. My fury knows no bounds.
So confused and irritated with all this nonsense. If she likes me, why wont she say it? Why wont any of them say it!?!
I have the weirdest laugh around girls :/
But I'm breaking out of this slump I'm in Pulling myself out of the dumps once again I'm getting up once and for all, fuck this shit
Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King, and got one
That awkward moment you sit at McDonalds and like 9 people you recognize are there. #whatdahellguise
That awkward moment you sit at McDonalds and like 9 people you recognize are there. #whatdahellguise
#sometimes ...
http://t.co/VU1JciCtW1
I just cant do the whole nativity yuletide chris kringle noel thing right now.
I hope one day people stop being idiots and trust one another based on a pact. We need trust and understanding in society.
Cheaters cheat and liars lie. Thank God I'm not that kind of guy.
People say they want honesty and trust. What they want are well crafted believable lies.
That awkward moment when your friend grabs his backpack and says, \"I'll grab your sack too.\" #why
Getting two people a Christmas Gram. I wonder who? XD
That was gross tho. -_- #secretlylikedit #ItsNotASecretAnymore #ShutUp
Everyone is on their own trip. Its all good.\n~Credit to @GodOfIlluminati
My heart goes out to Paul Walker's family. My heart is heavy with your loss.
I know the truth now. They all thought the same thing. They all saw the truth. Wait till you fall. Who'll catch you now?
Expect me to come back bigger,  badder, and meaner. I'm pulling out all the stops.  #expectations
I cannot believe that this keeps happening. Fuck this. I'm back on my \"Fuck Hoes\", with a whole new hatred for blondes.
At Careys place after at least 3 hours of store to store job hunting. #totallyworthit #therideneverends
Me and mine. Now yours and ours. It sounds so fluid. &lt;3
Talking about the future kinda gets me sad.
I worked too hard and too long to make this friendship not awkward. Don't mess with it, please.
This is the part where I can see the future. No anger, mistrust, or fighting. I hope that its possible.
So, its 2013. Where are my hoverboards?
Sometimes I feel like there's nothing to live for. Then I remeber bacon.
Just under two weeks in and I feel great. Along with that, I finally think I'm no longer addicted to liquor. Things are #turningup
This cast hurts. #ouch
@onedirection When do you guys actually sing? Before or after the lip syncing?
Macklemore-or-less
jk calvin's just okay
Why is there this greasy nigger next to me?
This computer is about to recieve my wrath.
On a different note, my AA meetings have come to a shocking close when we found out that Jim was killing off the therapy group. #uneverkno
Decision made. Fucks tossed out the window. My head hurts from all the thinking, but what I have done is for the best. Trust me...
So fucking confused right now. There are three options. Pick one, the other, or neither. The both mean a lot to me. Maybe thats why I can't.
I still don't know. What the fuck do I do?\nI could get locked up if I do what I think she wants. I have to stay strong. #nosurrender
@_TheThirdEye_ Been following you for almost a year, and what a trip man. Telling me the truth every day. Gracias, homeboy. #thetruthcomes2U
Purring in my ear and shit\nMaking me all nervous\nFucking kryptonite is what that is\nAw hell, what have I gotten myself in to?
Tonight, I become a Ghost in the night.
This is how I die. Standing in a room with an air conditioner and its 50 degrees outside. :( IM SO FUCKING COLD DAMMIT!
Crazy ass cat shitting in his soup. X(
Please be okay. :(
Man it stinks in this bitch. It must be them pussy ass niggas talking shit.
Kinda tired, but, whatever.
Ya boyy
Messing with yazmine because she syill loves everyone
Lol cod vs carey. This is so easy xD
Watching wreck it ralph lol copyright much?
At careys waiting for him to get here
Things are finally normal. Me and my ex get along, I'm fighting alcohol addiction, and I've got decent grades. Smooth sailing from here.
Went to my first AA meeting yesterday, and I gotta admit, it felt good to say I'm an Alcoholic, because now I can get help.
IMMA FUCKING BAWS WATCH ME DO ME YEAHAH MAN ASSASSIN HOODIE AND SHIT ALL CAPS NO LIQUOR I FEEL FUCKING AWESOME RIGHT NOW!
In a way, I feel better knowing there's nothing we could have done. I think that's best in a way.
Can I Please Eat?
So, even though I know shits getting better...I still see something looming ahead. What the hell, man!
