Not sleeping to play with Tito! It's been 2\nDays and this dog has made a major impact on my life!
This is why Pop is one of the best coaches ever, takes relatively no name players and turns them into real impact players
@bean1227 yea I catered a business meeting at a condo over looking the river, it was ridiculous
Where I cooked tonight http://t.co/FJBY8xj9MS
Tito! http://t.co/qgSsLWid20
Adopted and took home the carter plantation stray that I've been seeing run around the golf course for two weeks
Trying out the home theatre in my room and its ridiculous!!!
Why are there people eating sushi on the Odonnells commercial? These people are ruining a restaurant I helped save! #ridiculous
Great catching up with old friends tonight, now relaxing with a little 15 yr scotch
When is AT&amp;T gonna stop running these commercials with this pedophile talking to little kids
C'mon spurs!
Some new bar editions http://t.co/8X23qKhNmX
I don't understand why moms and 30+ year old chicks are the only people that hit on me when I bartend
Finishing up more healthy eating, on a fruit and cranberry juice binge
Cooking me a little tuna before work, eating healthy!
Spurs!
Pelicans should highly consider bringing in George Karl
I called San Antonio/Miami at the beginning of the season. My #spurs bringing home a 5th championship
I cannot stand the Walmart in Hammond
Finally found use for my chi fish tank http://t.co/o1e5qyNUqW
About to check out 21 &amp; over and Mama, the roommates picked a bad day to go home!
Grand marnier shots and Martinis!
Off night, anyone down for some cocktails/Martinis tonight?
@tcap101 damn! I came home cause I didn't think anyone was gonna be there tonight!
Impractical jokers!
@j_roger12 definitely!
Moving, moving, and more moving!
Payday!
Everything but tvs/furniture moved, loving being back in Hammond!
Crashing at the new house again!
Spending the night at the new house!
I need someone to help me move Sunday, ill pay you in beer!
Spurs to the finals!
Going to move some stuff into my new place tonight! The rest on Sunday!
Thinking about going to pick up a new blu ray surround today, just sold my old one
@Vinnie2884 At 37 Duncan's playing harder than anyone right now, it's impressive
Great to see the Spurs take another game, if they sweep Memphis and head to the Finals I don't think anyone can stop them #fourforfour
What a night at work! Not even the least bit tired!
@noprobprescole lol it would cost more to ship the beer then the actual beer lol
More free beer from work!
It's upsetting hearing that a restaurant you help keep up is being run so terribly
@AlexandraKees don't go back up north! You still haven't come to chill in Nola :/
@AlexandraKees you still in Jacksonville?
@AlexandraKees no :/ unfortunately
@AlexandraKees miss you!
I'm officially done with my home bar @noprobprescole needs to come test it out!
For fans of Patron, try Maestro Dobel, $10 cheaper and a world better
@brendanburas Duncan has the most energy of any of them and he's nearly 40
This is the most sluggish OT game I've seen in a while
Not a flagrant foul, blatant flop on Allen grabbing his head
This spurs ball distribution is just unheard of
Since I've started my new job I've managed to get back to playing guitar every day again #freetime #happy #actuallyhavedaysoff
Pelicans may not be the greatest name but it's fitting to the city, most great teams out there have pretty dumb names.
If Burkes there I think we take him, but I think we go SG or C now
Damn Pelicans moved down..
One reason I've always liked the spurs, one of the rare teams who drafted their big 3
If anyone wants to come watch the lottery/game they're more than welcome #whataday
Good deed of the day: let a neighborhood stray come play with my dog in our fence, fed it,let it play in our pool, then gave it a flea bath
I hope Jordan goes through with changing the Bobcats to Hornets again, that name never really made sense to me
Tomorrows the draft lottery and I still haven't seen any Pelicans jerseys/mascot/etc. any idea when this unveils?
People wonder why I don't carry Patron, because it's so overrated. Try Maestro Dobel, it's cheaper and way better
Spurs doing work!
Heading to Covington for a quick bar restock before today then hauling ass home
@LilyMichellee drive here!
I need a wedding date for mid June, any takers?
Got more beer and a whole set of golf clubs today at work #newjobperks
Off for 3 days, anyone and everyone is invited to come swim tomorrow
Off on a Saturday night, who wants to drink tonight?
If your a vodka fan do check out Tito's....Absolut/Smirnoff price but Ketel One/Grey Goose quality, plus it's made in good ol' USA
Entirely too many people my age getting engaged, this is ridiculous
I can't wait to move, ponchatoula is a fucking joke
@GabieBacques the sun was brutal today
Sunburt! But came home with more free beer!
Late work night + early tournament= pulling an all nighter
@noprobprescole while you hate, they keep winning!
Reds apple ale!
Spurs!
C'mon spurs! http://t.co/BDWjZdN4hT
The Knicks aren't going anywhere with this isolation offense, Indiana way too good defensively
With all the hype over Kobe Bryant and his 5/7 championships, keep in mind Duncan/Popovich are 4/4 and pushing for another title
If you need any good liquor/wine check out Red White and Brew in Hammond, the owner is really chill and awesome about matching prices
Thinking of having a party this weekend, who would be able to make it? It's time I finally put all this beer to use
@wtf_nicole thanks!
@noprobprescole it is on iTunes
I think people that claim they don't have enough time for their pet should have to pay \"animal support\" every month
Is Warm Bodies worth checking out?
I can't remember the last time I had two days off in a week, let alone in a row #newjobperks
@codypala I'm definitely considering it, just got the pool cleaned too
House to myself all weekend! I can dig it!
Got a great deal on crown #newjobperks http://t.co/sIdmaSO5iJ
It's gonna take me an entire month to pack before I move, an entire week just for the bar!
So exhausted! 80 hour work week!
Early tournament! Had to wake up at 3:30!! But get my Friday night off
Damn Rox in ponchatoula is now another la caretta. This town is amounting to nothing!
Michael Lewis is at today's tournament
The Hornets had Paul, West, Chandler, Jack, Landry, and Pondexter. All but Paul are in the 2nd round
Its amazing how my fingers remember how to play songs i havent played since i was 14, music is such a powerful tool
I'm a 65 year old man trapped in a 23 year old body, nobody my age is into the things I am
Moving in 3 weeks and I have so much shit to pack, excited to be back in Hammond again and closer to work!
Newest addition, good stuff! Great flavor but not quite as bold as other pricier bourbons http://t.co/RJWAfufMam
Can somebody recommend me somewhere in Hammond to do community service?
I bet the fans that left early are regretting it now!
C'mon #Spurs I can't handle two upsets in a day
Reds apple ale for weeks!
Perks of this new job: being sent home with cases of beer and red bull every other day, housewarming party when I move to Hammond!
I find it funny that Mac, the most hated character in the It's Always Sunny series, is the primary writer, producer, etc for the show
Salt the snail!
The best part about bartending is being able to make fresh made margaritas today!
What a shot! #Durant #clutch #NBAPlayoffs
I feel obligated to drink a margarita Atleast once today
I don't think I know anyone that watched its always sunny as much as I do
Sometimes you gotta crack a few eggs to make an omelet.
It's always sunny then an early night! Two huge golf tournaments tomorrow!
Another great night of work! It's nice to finally be happy with your job! Bartending in ponchatoula tomorrow!
5 am Dirty Martinis!
Sunburnt from riding around on golf carts all day!
Curry is straight on fire right now
Fuel perks, oh yea! http://t.co/dWA0Cu2gAF
Day off!
Not a fan of giving up Ivory for a 4th round pick, much rather give up Ingram
Missed most of the draft because of work but love the Broncos picking Montee Ball
I still have yet to have a bad day at this new job, this is my kinda place!
It's Always Sunny
Spurs!
Is anyone skilled or know anybody skilled in carpentry or just building stuff in general? I need someone!
My home bar is gonna be legit when I move!
I may love my side job even more, everything happens for a reason!
Haven't touched an energy drink in over a week, this is big for me!
@bean1227 Carter Plantation in Springfield
There's a southeastern player going into the draft? Crazy
@DustinEDIU lol isn't it great to be able to talk shit once your out of it?
@DustinEDIU yep and the Bobcats will win the Finals next year
@DustinEDIU dude stop, tragic hero is the best record label ever.
I seriously love this job! Great hours and pay and a really cool staff to work with
Enjoying a Sunday off to watch some #NBAPlayoffs pulling for the spurs and heat yet again
This job is 100x better!!
\"Jesus Christ on the cross you look like shit\" It's always sunny always has the craziest quotes
Typing up a new rsum, fun!
Ordered flesh colored plugs, hopefully it helps whilst job hunting
This is the home bar I bartended at tonight, #amazing http://t.co/H6xReBIS3s
Anyone know of any places in Hammond hiring part time?
My life is 100% different then normal today
Time to find out if experience pays off
Two months of not driving with anything in my system!
Anyone in the hammond/ponchatoula area with experience looking for a serving job?
@noprobprescole check out makers 46
Just made a huge contribution to the home bar
That was the most incredible house/party I've ever been to
Bartending for 9 hours!
Never too old to watch Disney movies #thelionking
Night off, bartending a rich swingers strawberry fest party tomorrow all day, then last hornets home game ever Sunday! #goodweekend
@noprobprescole yep! And just chilled shots, it's my latest kick
Grand marnier kinda night! Weekend off!
Dicaprio excels again with his portrayal of a slave owner in Django Unchained. Great movie!
It's amazing how big my home bar is simply from the deals I get at work on a weekly basis
Interesting stat of the night: Dwight Howard has more free throw misses this year then Steve Nash does in his career
Lol tosh did a segment at chic fil a with two dudes fucking in the background
Damn Django Unchained was really good
@tylerforrest definitely, I have all weekend off for strawberry festival
New bed comes today and django unchained released on iTunes, good day!
When did madisonville/Covington get so upscale? Every store is ridiculously new
First time in 2 years my phone bill has been paid on time. #individualplan
I love finishing up work early then having to stay two extra hours for a fucking bar table
@j_roger12 yea he's a perfect fit though, plus with Vasquez we'd have a solid backup as well
@j_roger12 you think he'll still be available by then?
Seeing these commercials makes me want to constantly watch Jurassic park, good thing I have em all
I would love to see a team try and build a front court like Robinson/Duncan. That was a great duo
Selling so many electronics before I move out! Hit me up!
Love these Lakers fans chanting \"we want Phil\" during Shaq's speech
Didn't realize it until now, but Lebron, D-wade, and bosh we're the #1, #4, and #5 pick in the same draft, and now they're playing together
Mounting this sound bar just in time for the Heat Knicks game
I'm gonna need a moving truck in June! I've got too much crap!
First day off in 3 weeks, beer and it's always sunny
Damn Broncos land Welker, Chiefs land Smith and #1 pick, and Oakland gets Flynn, should be a great year for the #AFCWest
@GabieBacques where?
@GabieBacques every other Thursday actually
@GabieBacques work! Every day lol
Lincoln once again
Upgraded the man cave tv! Enjoying a pretty solid weekend now http://t.co/3l7JYFSmSg
Well I'm glad I went with the soundbar, sound quality is superb and no wires to deal with
Cant decide if I want to go home theatre or soundbar, home theatre sounds nice but wires seem like a hassle
Can't stop watching Lincoln, so good
It's always sunny kinda night
Get over gay marriage, grow up
Employees can't keep up with me!
@noprobprescole baby? They won 27 in a row, y'all haters need to back off, what's your favorite teams record? Lol sub 500?
Lincoln was phenomenal! Great for history buffs!
I don't get why every employee of mine thinks I don't hear everything and anything that happens at work
About to watch Lincoln! http://t.co/CNO2aczohw
Hornets! Streak breakers
Anyone with hornets season tickets not able to go to the heat game? Ill pay good money for a ticket
@bean1227 it was okay, not as good as I expected but worth checking out
Finally getting to watch some movies i picked up this week, moonrise kingdom, the descendants, the rum diary, argo, and this is 40
@ryananderson33 saw your list of favorite restaurants to eat, definitely need to try out O'Donnell's in ponchatoula, not far from the city
@j_roger12 holy crap where is that?
@bean1227 @Rdub600 y'all still down for the bourbon dinner on the 24th?
I need to get back into fine dining asap!
Holy hell, last night was my first uninterrupted sleep in 2 years. #feelinggood
Anyone else going to the #hornets game tonight?
Saw @kimmyhirshit and a few others tonight, Nola tomorrow for the hornets game, who will I see?
Heading to #nola hit me up if your down there
@bean1227 nope .08 is, my point was that it takes very little to get one lol
Just to put into perspective how much is too much, I drank a shot and 1 drink, waited 2 hours and still blew a .02. Don't drink and drive!
@codypala the one that used to be in my living room
Any followers looking for tvs or blu ray players? I'm selling a good bit of stuff
Sobriety here I come!
I hope Kenyon Martin realizes he doesn't have to dress identical to melo just cause he's sitting
First aa meeting!
Running so many errands in Hammond today
