When you go back to the gym to lift and do mixed martial arts after being in a cast for 3 weeks  still in a cast, still chasing dreams 
Mother fuckin hash night 
God damn I love being athletic. It feels so good to be able to eat 10 doughnuts and still have a 6 pack at over 220 pounds. Sorry not sorry
Jared Leto tried way to hard in suicide squad. Sorry bro you went full retard and the joker wasn't very good
RIP grandma. I'm so sad that she's gone
Been there https://t.co/b5vze2hWl2
New favorite thing to do in public when I'm with Aaron, when someone says the word gay look at them and say hey my brothers gay...
Seriously of all the one night stands and flings I've had the only one I would commit too lives in Florida. Fml
Why is it the only girl I could see myself having a relationship with lives in Florida.
Fuck with my baby brother &amp; sister your gone. Bye Felicia don't let the door hit you in the stretch marks on the way out 
Drove past a girl and asked if she's workin. Apparently they don't like that ha!
If Afghanees taught me anything it's this, when being questioned by someone in authority, act like you don't speak English 
Dude looks like Shia lebouf tryin to act hard 
You ever see a girl and your like eh she's not that great lookin but I'd still pile drive the fuck out of her. My night
Fuck this feelin sad shit. Time for some feeling sad hash 
And the worst of it all is I feel like I broke her heart
How do You explain to your baby sister that she can't stay here with you and has to go back to a parent who doesn't give a shit about her?
I haven't been this down in a long time
What makes you think I wanna talk to you hope I never have to hear that voice again
I absolutely hate what you and your friends represent. I despise that I went and fought for people like you. You embarass me and yourself
Is puttin a gun in my face supposed to scare me  bitch I can see you shakin, not sorry I fucked your bitch 
If you don't know these 2 people maybe educate yourself https://t.co/wPvpN6KQ2Z
Wish I could smoke with eazy E
Fuck I gotta get this cast off and go back to the gym. Losing my mind \n
It's not always men who don't know they have a great girl. Sometimes women have no idea how great of a guy they have either
Bitch would get recycled real quick https://t.co/TryJ1cUyiX
Mornin bitches :) https://t.co/dPwLVBIy9U
We can go toe to toe in the middle of a cell 
https://t.co/veRao7DuHB
This hash got me fucked up 
Your FUPA is showing in your picture 
She's better than you
Never forget where you came from
@theManishVishnu whatever
She got into the b day cake https://t.co/7IUU8Zeuqy
And to do my best to stay sober for them. Guess it's true only family will have your back when you hit a rough patch https://t.co/rPOnacn09Q
Making a promise now, the next girl I'm with is gonna get my everything. Whether it works out or not, this time will be different
It's good to be back and have my head clear  I'm very thankful and wouldn't be here without certain people 
I've been not myself for so long I forgot what I told myself overseas when I got my shit pushed in. Stay in the fight and overcome
Favorite argument when I was a marine, \" my taxes pay for your salary\" well my taxes pay for your welfare so let's smoke &amp; agree to disagree
I'm gonna lose my mind in this cast. It's like my right arm is in prison  https://t.co/7Fl3y9S1Ex
It costs twice as much energy to wake up angry and have a bad day by being a mean guy. Try to find a silver lining everyday and be nice
No shit https://t.co/fI8vXTE5Az
Drama drama drama drama, fuck. Don't have the heart to tell him he's putting way too much drama on this
Sometimes you just gotta get stoned and wander around Holland playing Pokemon go.
Me and the old man  https://t.co/bZBjpL9Kft
Courtesy of my uncle al getting me as high as I've ever been and then taking this of me passed out this weekend https://t.co/IR92FmFRoe
And ladies you all have that one ex where your like I don't miss that douche... But I do miss that dick tho
Every guy has that one ex where there like I don't miss her but I do miss that pussy tho
You know your hot right? 2 significant downgrades in a row, Come on, your way hot. I mean I'm happy your happy but Jesus that's hard to see
I'm happy for you and that you found some one who makes you happy and I hope he treats you right I really do, but man... Another downgrade
Well, nothin to do now but go to Michigan adventure with a bag full of THC gummy bears and an oil pen, nice knowing you 
Some fuckin guy caused a wreck on the highway after stopping to catch a pikachu on Pokemon go  hope you caught him bro
It's really wierd to accept that this time of year I don't have to come home to leave from one desert to another anymore
All I can say is wow. Again 
https://t.co/UUIOd2XnhB
I do not care anymore
When she has brown eyes and says there Greene.... Bitch that's shit brown, you got shit brown eyes, you got me fucked up
https://t.co/4TYydPKK7R
RIP brother. I pray you find the peace you were so desperately seeking and you will be missed by many.
We may be partly responsible and I'd be lying if I said I didn't understand having a fight inside you that it feels like you'll never win &amp;
Another brother suffering from something going on inside him has commit suicide. I wanna be angry at this kid but can't help but think
The day has finally come that my baby sister maddy conned me into playing dress up with one of her dolls
Waking up to \"shoop\" by salt n pepper on the alarm is how to start off the day
On this day let us remember batman telling superman to fuck off and proceeding to beat the shit out of him happy 4th https://t.co/PvQskJDEQu
Fuck. Of course when your eating smores, eating smores and getting drunk is great. Downfall of alcohol recovery, miss smores with the family
Going to a family reunion of heavy drinkers so I ask when they usually start drinking heavy so I can bail. My grandma says during smores...
Just wanted to look perfect for me and probably did it like 4 times before being ready. I should've respected that more. Lessons learned
It used to drive me crazy that my ex always took forever to get ready with her make up. Looking back now I should've known it because she
I had to attempt to gain his gains https://t.co/yNmjy2jlqt
\"Drunk on a plane\" is the closest to the mood of bein on that plane ride home from a combat deployment
When your baby sister comes up and says \"seanie what day is it in the gym\" and I tell her and she goes \"nope it's hug day\" and hugs me 
Just combined pre workout and marijuana and I feel so fuckin great. I'm gonna make arms and abs day my bitch
Finally found a batman shirt 
Finally be able to say I have it again. I lost it for a long time, ppl change I guess
After depressing days like today it's good to have that stuff that keeps you goin long after you don't have a reason too. And it's good to
I about head butted my boss. This transition from the marine corps goin fantastic 
Keep em from wanting to join gangs and use or sell dope. That's what's happening in Orlando, and these politicians don't even see it
The shitty school systems there. Give that money to schools so they can afford more sports teams and possibly keep kids out of trouble
The city of Orlando just spent billions and years making this monorail for the city. Why not take that money and time and invest it into
It really sucks to want someone to be in your life, but you know they'd rather beat your head in with a rock. Worst part is, I caused it
I think I'm gonna try and win mr. Grand Rapids next year. Worst that happens is I don't win and I'll still make improvement from it
Just now realizing that still a threat 
That little bitch and throw a wig on him and name him Susan
Traumatize the kid. Question is, is it still ok to tell him next time he wants to slap my sister he may wanna reconsider, or I'll smack
Golden question: kid next door slapped my baby sister. Kids about 8. I don't wanna beat him or threaten him cause that would probably
When Aaron does the dance from Ted in front of random people 
New bucket list goal: go to the beach in holland and yell shark just to see how many dumbasses run out of the water
Need to get a reality check and get your bullshit straight
Just because you stroke a pen to write a check or throw money at a problem doesn't mean you actually fuckin raised that kid.
Love gummy bears. Gummy bears are majestic as fuck
When someone driving in the fast lane knows there going slow so they move lanes. You the real MVP 
Never will I ever get butt hurt at my Italian friend lentini calling me a potato nigger because I'm Irish
I was having a bad day until I saw someone's ex and realized how much they dropped there standards. It's like wtf, you know your hot right?
To avoid criticism, say nothing, do nothing... But you'll be nothing
 https://t.co/jN1vWspFx7
Right. Now I look back and think, fuck that. I'm gonna prove everyone who thinks that wrong.
Fighting and have to live with everyone else. And just like me, you are no good to anyone doing anything else\" and at first I thought he was
You got it. And you got the grit, same as me, but just like me, that's all you have. Everyone loves a soldier until they come home and stop
Always stuck out to me is he told about PTSD and going home and this is what he said. \"You have my respect whatever that means to you
There was a guy in the corps that I respected tremendously. He was older, and had seen 6 combat deployments through. One thing he said that
Trying so hard to get the motivation for leg day 
My baby sister is gonna be such a strong girl when she grows up. Idk how she deals with the 3 of us.
Get high and go lift. Fuck the world and do you 
Conjuring 2 was no where near as good as the first one
https://t.co/3YIPh89AXf
 https://t.co/rNOlLbX82N
With every new day God gives you another set, stay in the fight and rock that shit  https://t.co/lQlBR2pdNW
You gotta have that shit that keeps you goin long after you don't have a reason to.
I have never been this high before 
Didn't go over very well
When your boss says to you your wasting his time by texting at work. \"Well tom if IM here and YOUR here doesn't that make it OUR time.\"
Sometimes I wonder if this turning over a new leaf thing is worth it. I wanted to headbut that guy really fucking hard.
Sorry about your low testosterone bro 
When someone in the gym is bein arrogant cause they think there lifting a lot of weight and you throw on more and warm up.
Thanks god for the gym after a shitty day at work. Best thing about the gym, you earn as much work as you put in. Doesn't know how to lie
Anytime me and my boss pass Greenville or go there for work he asks if I wanna stop and burn a certain house down .... Nah
My fucking cat shamus is driving me insane 
Me and my boss just had a dance off in Home Depot. #workgoals #madeallthemexicanworkerswet #winning
https://t.co/5lRnhqE7fx
I must purchase this https://t.co/8gtI8pKZfM
All the while dealing with a crazy bitch who thinks we're a thing 
Or running like a coward. Done.
Call me crazy though, I just believe in talking things out if you love each other and people can change, not just atom bombing everything.
Boom, right fuckin there that's how a relationships supposed to be if you care. Fuckin hate that she moved https://t.co/Wb9HhTfK9J
Even though we broke up and she moved to Florida I'm so happy we're still friends and can be mature enough for that https://t.co/X8WTDxiE9n
Stay in the fight 
The movie interstellar and marijuana don't mix. Your brain will get so fried
I'm in love with someone who hates me and wants me dead 
I am so fuckin high right now. Everything is just fantastic
Watching a Disney movie with my baby sister and I think it's so great they let randy numen sing every fuckin song even though he's retarded
Haribo gummy bears are the greatest invention in the history of man. There better then a fucking dinosaur
I am so thankful for the people who stuck around in my life because it definitely can be difficult dealing with me sometimes
If I ever need a life coach I'm gonna ask the stupidest person I know, because if they've survived this long, there life coach is amazing
I am gonna smoke so much bud after this shitty day I had
Jesus Christ stop blowing up my phone I don't wanna fuckin talk to you. Now I know how fuckin irritating it is
When I was in and it still fell apart. Not mad anymore about the shit, just kinda sad and funny if you think about it. Joke was on me :)))
I think it's so funny how a guy I was friends with in the corps wife cheated on him but they still made it work. I had an even better girl
Like why all of a sudden do I miss her. Fuck you brain
Why didn't it hit me until recently that I would miss someone who I would've had a long relationship with so bad. She's been in Florida
Well this is a rough night :/ atleast tommorow is a new day. Silver lining
It's because Eric was just smarter than me and realized that it was just a matter of time before a girl like her leaves a guy like me :/
My buddy Eric in the marines always used to joke about my ex Sara not being real, and at the time I never understood why. Now I realize
Me: \"maddy your a kid, kids have bedtimes.\nMaddy: \"I'm 9\"....  literally just proved my point
\"Piracy is not a victimless crime\"... Uhh actually yeah I think it is. Those actors will still get paid a lot.
Oh man this is gonna be one of those days. Just sad as fuck
Not a good person and I fucked it up just like every other thing that was the best to have ever happened to me :/
My baby sister just asked where's Sara? How do you explain to a little girl who you love more than anything that she's gone because I was
Nothing compares to my baby sister calling me seanie. 
How did it make me feel? The worst thing anyone could feel, and then it dawned on me, I felt helpless. That's why I was so angry
One thing I hate in this freakin group is the always inevitable question about my ex leaving me in Iraq, \"how did that make you feel\"
Sometimes the shit he says goes way over my head though, like not even an attempt to grab that shit, it went clean over
\"How can you expect anyone else to handle you, if you don't even like you\" never thought of it like that. My shrink is a genius sometimes
I never understood how a dude could walk away from another dude who disrespects the girl your with. Smh I'd hit that guy so hard in the face
I have gotten the best sleep I've gotten since before my first combat tour with medical marijuana. I am so happy I went to this.
She knew I was full of shit but it made her laugh and I got her number. Winning.
College girl in the store last night asked what happened to my leg. Well... Baby tiger was drowning and I jumped in and saved it.
And now I'm even happier cause I just remembered my baby brother and sister will be here Saturday . I miss them so much. Especially maddy
Ever since I got this medical card I am so much happier. Why in the hell did I ever reach for booze instead of this?!?
When you wake up in the morning and meet your little bro in the hallway with crutches, \"dance off bro, me and you\"
Man this thing is bullshit https://t.co/Ohi1oSt2Op
It takes a lot of love to have a lot of hate for someone too
When your boss chews you out for having a busted knee from a car wreck and you can't work for a week
Got in a car wreck. Woohoo the luck wheel just keeps on turning! Winning.
Dear john flickma on the radio commercials, stop tryin to use slang to appeal to the young ppl... It ain't workin Jonny
Against him though, I used to be all those things too till I lost someone I loved because of it
Didn't give you my name and you wanna see what competition you have. See friend... I read ppl too, but I'm better at it. I won't hold it
I read about you by what your trying to do. Your controlling, you have insecurities and self esteem issues cause you got all pissy when she
It's gonna lead somewhere. Friend wants to know my name to \"study\" my fb. To see if I'm a good guy based on my fb... Let me tell you what
So, girl I'm talking to gets hit up by an old friend who has a crush on her, cool np, she tells him she's talking to me and thinks that
Good day fishing with the little bro 
https://t.co/D4nMD3ml9m
https://t.co/0FdIXOB7Ly
https://t.co/ek8EHjl1Bh
https://t.co/gNqdEKshRe
Hope your right doc. I hope your right. But I guess we'll see.
Exact quote: \"your not crazy Sean, your not a psychopath, you have the capacity to feel, your just broken... But what's broken can be fixed\"
Happened over the last 5 years just was too much and sent me over the edge.
Well I'm not crazy, I have severe anxiety and depression and anger brought on a series of unfortunate events since I was a kid, and what's
I just pray to god this works
I just pray to god this works
Maybe even medical marijuana. I've gotta try something new and I need help. I'm not okay
Today I'm starting the journey to finally get help for a lot of problems I've been facing for a long time. Whatever it may be, meds included
I'm starting to wonder if there really is any help for this kind of fucked up. Will I ever really be happy again
I should've just died over there. Sara would've been happier, my siblings and dad wouldn't have to deal with the fucked up crazy son...
I'm really starting to wonder why I'm here... Why I ever made it home in the first place
I'm so confused
Part of me wants to call so bad... Part of me knows she's better of without me.
True love is about letting her go and seeing if she returns
What the... Taliban
God I wish I could have played hockey. Downfall of growing up in Florida, I would've played hockey in a heartbeat  #goon
Well... Life has a funny way of breaking you down when your building up. I have cancer. Atleast it's not aggressive
Cause life's too short to be angry at the world all the time
Instead now I just focus on me and he ain't causing me any harm, so fuck it. Let him be a douche. Focus on improving yourself :)
There was a guy being an arrogant douche in the gym. I've changed and think I've turned a corner, back in the day I would've laid him out
Captain Amurca  https://t.co/kPufUHuIM9
What a good day for a lift and a run. Then later I may go see someone I started talking to in Greenville, against better judgement 
It's ok insomnia I didn't wanna sleep in on my day off  guess I'll just lay here and think and then go get a pump 
I'm really hoping this brings some peace. Because I've literally got nothing more to give. And I'm trying so hard
Bitches love the eyes 
Tom hardy... Always fuckin a nigga up. Go tom. You fuck that nigga up
https://t.co/YPUALmt6Pk
I'm alone...
So GR wants to put bike lanes on leanord street... I have seen 2 ppl riding bikes in the last month. Screw all the pot holes put bike lanes
I just think about Afghanistan and Iraq, and that I got through that day, then suddenly my day just got a lot brighter 
Anytime you think your having a bad day just remember, someone else somewhere is having a worse day. It's inevitable
Maybe loving someone is even if there not with you your with them, forgiving them and supporting them being happy.
One thing I am happy I didn't send back to my ex fianc... My batman pjs. I'm keeping them there mine I love them
Have to wear a long sleeve to cover my tattoos for my job and trapped in a work van to Detroit with no AC all day.... Fuck
Whatever I did to wrong you, whatever I did to hurt you, I truly am sorry.
Good ol Memorial Day is coming up, gonna be a son of a bitch like always. Really hope I have the strength to stay sober
Saw my ex fianc in public and I was so ashamed and scared that I couldn't say anything and hoped she didn't see me :/
I think I'm finally ready to have a relationship where I open up and let down my walls again.
But no, cried and begged me to stay with her and what did I do, ended up hurting her and fucking everything up anyway 
I should've left when I was going too a long time ago, but no she had to cry and beg me to stay. Even said you deserve better that's why.
Fuck
Why do I miss someone so bad who doesn't care whether I'm alive or dead :/
It'll help keep me sober too  who knows maybe I'll actually know what it's like to be happy without someone making me happy too
God I can't wait to start bodybuilding. Make that $$$
When you go to hug your dad and goes \"God damn son, making some gains I can barely wrap my arms around you to hug you anymore\" 
Cause your too smart too listen to anyone who's got life experience. Your a waitress dumbass, you don't know a fuckin thing.
Done trying to kill a mean bitch with kindness. Fuck your feelings I hope you get the worst of what you deserve and what your heading tword
You sad? What was it said to me when I told you the truth? Oh yeah, boo hoo. Fat skank
How's that make you feel? That you were special but now your just on an assembly line of skanky drunk bitches I'd fuck all of in 1 night?
It would be who's next? You. And then you. And then you. And then you, the fatty of the group.
And you'll never find better. Cause your a fat bar skank now. So are your friends. Back in the day they'd be on my assembly line of fucking
Like really fat. And now a drunk. I never want you again. You can't have me or deserve me 
Your a fat whore
Got asked by a guy who's been bodybuilding for 25 years if I wanted to start bodybuilding and showing. Play my cards right could make that $
What a good day, went to AA and about to tear the gym up with my little brother. He's got a gold medal to win in the future 
Well today was rough, but I'm sober, and I got through it. Tommorows another day and gods gonna give me another set. And I'm gonna rock it.
It's been a bitch of a day... Where the hell are my batman pjs that's happening tonight
Fuckin pussy ass small town wanna be jig. I ever see you I'm gonna beat the piss out of you on pure principle. Retard
God kid you are a faggot. Drum line is one of the best movies ever? &amp; u think ur hood, back in the day I woulda robbed u, Id take your shit
:/ nah I can't do it. I can't hurt her anymore
Got some really interesting pictures
Really debating if I should make my ex fianc who abandoned me in Iraq famous all over the corps and social media.... Decisions decisions
Fuckin work  https://t.co/gf7aMxTBJV
\"The last thing I would do if I was planning to hurt you, would be warn you in advance, you dumb fuck\" - jimmy bulger, best Irish gangster
I'm so fed up with stupid people. Like seriously I have to remind half these fuckers to breath.
America is the only place where people get crazy over a puppy w a puppy filter on snapchat. Do you know how complicated ur immune system is?
I think my sleeves and back piece are gonna get done real soon :)
\"I got broads in Atlanta\" 
Be better and leading mine. So that I never hurt anyone like that again.
She hates my guts and has every right to be scared to talk to me after the past. So we push on, her leading her life, and me trying to
Hopefully by the grace of God, she sees that, and then we can achieve some sort of peace and lose this anger between us. But I doubt it
If I'm responsible for that, then I realize, yes I am. And that cuts deep because she's so much better than that. And I fuckin destroyed her
Girl. But because I see all that she's about now, which is drinking and partying, something she was never about. And I sit and wonder
I look at old pictures of me and my ex and look at what she looks like now, and it cuts deep. Not only because I miss the kind and great
Tonight is my first AA meeting since I've been back. And honestly, I'm scared. Don't get scared much, but I'm scared.
