My favorite AA friend broke up with her live-in boyfriend. She set up an online dating account &amp; is buying a new mattress. My kind of girl.
I dreamed I was drinking classic martinis at a hotel bar. I was furious to waste a good drinking dream on anything involving vermouth.
Tonight at AA I introduced myself to my future husband. He's tall, dark, and dreamy. He has a curl like Superman. --heart flutters-
I just ate half a cake. And you know what? It was GODDAMN MAGICAL.
I said \"irregardless\" today. I feel like I should be flogged.
A new friend is at rehab telling me how wonderful (and $$$$$$$$) it is. I'm like, awww man, I wanna go!!Where can I find $$$$$$$$?
I found some scariness in the back of the fridge. I'd throw the whole pot out, but my dumbass decided to upgrade to Calphalon last year.
I can't wait to see my family at the new lakehouse in June. I want to share all my newfound love &amp; happiness with them. ALL THE WARM FUZZIES
I think I was more mature at 20 than I am now at 34. (This is the part where Vix the Drunk would go for a big fat refill)
Getting sober is like being an animal trapped in ice for 100 years then starting to thaw out enough to move. Life is coming back, but slowly
Happy Zombie Day! If one gets close, just spray it with bleach. Worked for my stubborn tile stains.
We found out today that Sponsor's sponsor is moving to California in a month. She's devastated. I told her she's never allowed to leave me.
I was wishing there was a way to write something down then remove it without a trace. It took me two minutes to realize that's a pencil.
Less than a month to the new season of \"Game of Thrones\"! That I have no way to watch legally! Shit! BUT I MUST HAVE MY KHALEESI TIME.
I had a very lustful dream about chocolate cake (but not booze!). Then at AA they gave me extra chocolate cupcakes to take home. Happy days.
Boobs. I'm not dead. BOOBS.
After AA a cute guy came up &amp; started a conversation with me. I thought he was flirting but nope, wedding ring. AA people are too damn nice.
Right on schedule, my depression beast came roaring to life. I've been hiding from it in bed all evening.
The coloring book section nearly made me piss myself. I chose one, \"PIRATE QUEENS: Notorious Women of the Sea\" for $3.99 b/c I've been good.
At Powell's with Dr. Barbie shopping for children's books. I highly recommend \"Toot!\" It's all about farting tee hee hee heeeee
In my next life I want to come back as a donut with sprinkles. My life would be brief but brilliant. https://t.co/yZicKFzyPI
THE TENTACLE IS DOWN I REPEAT THE TENTACLE IS DOWN. IM GOING FOR THE HEAD
Now the tentacle in my kitchen wants to know if I have a Wii. Kitchen creatures sure are demanding. --throws another bottle of bleach at it-
Alcoholics call St. Patrick's Day \"amateur night.\" I don't even give two shits about today.
I remember tweeting this from the armchair at my writing desk, feeling completely wrecked &amp; wretched inside. https://t.co/mNl8A9XTXZ
My sticker stash including my new emoji ones ($8, eep! There goes my fun money). Worth it 
I thinking I'm having a quarter-life crisis ten years late, because I'm so behind everyone else. #whyIdontdofacebook
The tentacle in the kitchen wants to know if I have Netflix.
When my dogs want to be fed they go stand next to the food bag and stare at me meaningfully. Once I even caught Lil Lesbian licking the bag.
I'm getting very suspicious about these continuous good moods. It feels like someone is fucking with me. --looks in corner for evil monkey--
Today I'm developing and writing a relapse prevention plan, and it is as boring as it sounds. I feel like I'm writing a goddamn term paper.
For the first time in my life I have to distinguish between whether I'm hypomanic happy or genuinely \"I like my life\" happy. HAPPY FACE.
Because every day is awesome as fuck for one reason or another.  U2 \"Beautiful Day\" Live at Slane Castle https://t.co/0J1a14zCke
Time change, ack! --hisses at the sun--
At AA people have started telling me that I look brighter, that I look good. I guess when I came in I looked as broken as I felt.
At AA tonight I saw my future husband. I wanted to introduce myself and call dibs on him a year from now when I'm dating again.
Got laid for the first time since I got laid off. It's the same as I remember. Wee.
My fuck buddy came over and spent the first hour laying on my bed and talking like a therapy session. To be fair, I DO give excellent advice
OH MY GOD AMAZON HAS EMOJI STICKERS I THINK I JUST PEED MYSELF A LITTLE
I would give someone else's first born child to curl up with a bottle or two of wine and watch Netflix all night.
I think the smell is coming from the trash can. --throws bleach and Febreeze at it, runs away--
I feel so unattractive, unsexy, and gross that I find it wake-up-a-waterbug ABSURD that someone is voluntarily having sex with me tomorrow.
I love AA. Right off the bat, you exchange details of all your defects and mental disorders, but it's months before you share last names.
I have a new friend, who has also had paranoid delusions. She's even been institutionalized! Naturally, I invited her to come over and play.
I can smell my kitchen. --pokes longest tentacle, squeals, runs away--
I'm interested in seeing if Contractor thinks I've changed since he last saw me, when I was still drinking. He might just see boobs though.
YOU ARE SHITTING ME. When a reader told me my amethyst sobriety ring is anti-intoxication, I thought it was a joke. https://t.co/2i5XgjbF3B
I just bought a 14 dollar plunger. Little Ms. Fancy Shits strikes again.
After AA today, Sobriety Sister and I went for an impromptu walk in the state park down the street. Suck it, Houston.
Is it rude to ask my new friend if her sponsor's makeup is tattooed on? This is a real question.
I dreamed that my ex Chef moved to Portland to be with me then walked out halfway through our first date back together. WTF.
My life goals workbook says to make a vision collage of what I want for my future. HELL YES. I'm breaking out the magazines and glitter pens
I'm 60 days sober today! Just three months ago I never would have believed this. --covers self in glitter stickers and twirls happily--
Remember Coach? The basketball season ended. He apologized for being a dumbass and wants to take me out. Hmmm.
The plum trees in Oregon are blooming  https://t.co/yGAFVXG1u5
I try not to hiss every time the sun comes out. I definitely moved to the right city for this.
That last tweet was a major downer so--RAINBOWS UNICORNS SPARKLE FINGERS PUTTING GLITTER STICKERS ON THINGS
At 58 days sober I'm no longer wallowing in what a miserable drunk I am, but what an awful human being I am instead. Progress!
I love the blooming plum trees outside my window. I'm very tempted to go put stickers on them.
Went to Sponsor's house last night for a meditation lesson. Seeing her in flannel, makeup off, and barefoot made her way less scary. Mostly.
The 14 carat amethyst ring my very generous folks gave me for making it to 30 days sober! (Now on day 57) https://t.co/QOWAp3ToBS
Woke up in a terrible mood for no reason. Punched myself and went back to bed.
Fuck life rehab homework. It's basically \"write a detailed essay about how you're a sub-par human being.\" I need way more stickers for this.
Forgot my meds last night, woke up this morning with awful anxiety. Hiding under the covers until the coast is clear.
Ate the entire mixing bowl of brownie batter for lunch. Oddly I'm not losing weight after giving up alcohol. How curious.
Dreamed that I was getting drunk on martinis. Lucid me was pissed that I gave up my sobriety for martinis because I think they're disgusting
I think the Mormons are starting to hate me because I ask too many piercing questions. Saying I want to be a Buddhist probably didn't help.
It's a good thing I'm not a mean drunk anymore or by now I would have keyed my upstairs neighbor's car for being a royal asshole.
At a women's meeting of AA today, several of us got into a conversation about how much we love to color. I FUCKING LOVE COLORING.
Pencil farts.
There are a *lot* of things I haven't tweeted these last two days of hypomania. If I never wind up in a psych ward, I'll be shocked.
Contractor is trying to get an invite for naked time tonight but I'm like, I'm sorry but I'm busy waiting for my dog to turn into a kumquat.
Told my sponsor that I feel like I have one foot in another dimension. She fielded that like a champ. And told me to go lie down.
BEING HYPOMANIC DOESNT MEAN IM CRAZY IT JUST MEANS I REALLY LOVE STICKERS *ALL THE STICKERS*
I'm feeling very Alice in Wonderland today. Like if a tree turned into a toad in front of me, I wouldn't be the slightest bit surprised.
Being sober and hypomanic is weird. I think the booze actually slowed me down. Now I'm like OH MY GOD I HAVE TO PUT STICKERS ON EVERYTHING.
Found an anti-psychotic on the floor in a pile of crumbs. Yeeeeep, that about sums things up.
--running past wine aisle with coffee in hand-- You are so much hotter than my new boyfriend, you asshaaaaaaat!
Listening to John Legend's \"All of Me\" and tearing up over the husband I'm not yet good enough for. But I will be one day.
The next time the Mormons come over, I'm getting them to haul my huge-ass Christmas tree to the dumpster for me. That's SERVICE, bitches.
OH MY GOD THE MORMONS KEEP COMING BACK. And they brought a young bright-eyed one I couldn't say no to, lest he burst into tears. SNEAKY.
Just found that I have an ironing board. I didn't even know that had made it in the move. Remarkable.
At 65 degrees and sunny it's the first hammock day of the season here in Portland. Look at me, all happy and shit. https://t.co/xT4b6gaAzB
An AA acquaintance shared something I'd said at another meeting yesterday. I got retweeted in real life. REAL LIFE JAZZ HANDS.
Today my new friend I both squeed over our favorite wine glass being Baccarat and back-up favorite by Riedel. --fancy pants SQUEEEEE--
The Mormons are back, they're knocking on my door! --hides under covers--
I love rich old ladies from AA. They buy me food and share nuggets of wisdom gleaned from decades of therapy &lt;3
Apparently my most productive time of the day is 4 am. I already go to the 6:30 am AA meetings. Oh my god AM I MORNING PERSON?
On my list of future career choices I included \"butterfly\" and \"putting stickers on things.\"
Tomorrow I'm having coffee with a very put-together woman who looks like she should be in charge of the world. Or at least me.
I love how there's a jazz hands emoji. Maybe this world isn't so wretched after all. JAZZ HANDS.
It's been awhile since I've wanted to throw fistfuls of lithium at anyone. Yay, I'm becoming a better person already!
I told Sponsor she'd divorce me if she saw the state of my kitchen. Also, problem: I haven't done dishes sober in yeeeears. PICKLE.
--running past wine aisle-- I'm still in love with you, you fucking DIIIIIICCCCKKKKK
Just gave an impassioned speech at AA comparing getting sober to breaking up with a really hot and toxic boyfriend. I'm ready for TED now.
I put a gold star sticker on Lil' Lesbian's forehead and now I'm calling her Wonder Dog. Next is a red dish towel for a cape.
I had an extremely detailed dream about cake frosting. It was obscene, like there definitely were times there should have been a black bar.
Self rehab is me with a journal/notebook, workbooks, the Big Book, books addressing all my many shortcomings, and a highlighter. It's super.
Today is my first proper self-rehab day in a week since my body went all Sleeping Beauty on me. I feel like a teacher is going to yell at me
...and try not to say how much I would happily rip their spine out through their mouth if that meant I could have wine without penalties.
When people ask me how sobriety is going (day 47), I just bat my eyes prettily and smile...
There's a couple in my morning AA meeting who run a bar. They deserve a trophy every single day they don't drink. Blimey.
Here's a chilling thought: think how much worse off I'd be now if I had been a drug addict too--which is exactly why I refused to touch them
Does anyone have an HBO Go or HBO Now account I could use to watch the new \"Girls\" and \"Game of Thrones\"? Please with tittysprinkles on top?
I have neither mono nor pneumonia. Doc said all the sleeping is probably my body recovering from the years of cruelty I inflicted on it.
After the urgent care doctor found out I'm bipolar and newly sober he's been treating me like some kind of exotic bird. --maws rudely--
My friends think I either have mono or walking pneumonia. As soon as I can stay awake for two hours, I'm visiting a doctor.
--nodding wisely--  Boobs.
Update: all is well and good. I'm no crazier than I was yesterday.
Rescheduled interview. Sorry, feeling psychotic today. Thursday good?
Today is such a weird day. I feel like each eye is in a different dimension. Wasn't this supposed to stop happening when I sobered up?
I have that interview tomorrow. --squeaks, runs and hides in closet--
When the Mormons asked me why I still have my Christmas tree up, I said it provides great ambient lighting.
My old college friend Dr. Barbie is flying up to visit in a month! I can't wait for her to show me Portland.
--running past wine aisle-- I love you I hate you you crazy biiiiiiiitch!
My favorite AA meeting is located between a liquor store and a goddamn bar. Thank god the meeting is at 6:30 in the morning.
Roses, sappy cards, and titty sprinkles to all you assholes in love.
In an auditorium full of people, I was the only one who laughed at a dead cat stored in a freezer. Actually I snorted. LIKE A SOCIOPATH.
My Saturday night routine is going to the big AA speaker meeting. But I was so much more exciting when I stayed home with wine &amp; Netflix.
But I *am* much cooler on the Internet. --waves pom-poms-- https://t.co/SUC79JR0bW
Today my sponsor said I look brighter and happier. Probably because I finally got out of my frumpy yoga pants.
Went to dinner with Europa and her friends to celebrate her being 2 years sober. Her bestie and I totally clicked. Yay, more friends!
At AA a guy told us about his meth head friend who says he was a pharaoh in a past life. Everyone laughed; my face fell. He's bipolar.
I'm going through a bipolar disorder workbook and there's a section on \"staying safe from suicide.\" I gave it a frowny SpongeBob sticker.
Getting fired turned out to be a blessing in disguise. I doubt I'd be sober right now if I still had a job. It got the ball rolling.
That interview for contract work finally came through. I'm so ready to take in a nice fat hourly fee and not be so painfully broke.
So... --whispering-- I'm kinda sorta, like, *happy.* -ish. --blink blink--
After all that Joseph Smith talk I have a huge craving to sit down with my book on Buddhism for a palate cleanser. Tell me true, Dalai Lama!
...I feel like a shit for declaring someone's religion *wrong.* I think there's a lot of hooey in Mormonism but that doesn't mean it's wrong
Mormons are coming over this afternoon to tell me about their religion. I am hypomanic and SO EXCITED TO TALK ABOUT GOD FOR HOURS.
OH MY GOD WHY IS EVERYONE ON DOWNTON ABBEY SO MEAN
--runs across wine aisle with grocery cart at top speed-- CURSE YOU, DEMON SEEEEEEED
FYI alcoholics drive drunk all the time at every hour of the day. Their parents didn't put breathalyzers on *their* cars. Drive accordingly.
FYI alcoholics drive drunk all the time at every hour of the day. Their parents didn't put breathalyzers on *their* cars. Drive accordingly.
I would have joined AA way sooner if someone had told me how insanely easy it is to make friends. I'm POPULAR. OH MY GOD.
Wow, people really don't like it when you ask if you can touch their pants.
My young neighbor had an altercation yada yada the cops were so hot I wanted to climb them like a tree. #sincewhenismylifenotaporno
A girl befriended me because she keeps relapsing and she said I look so grounded and solid, she wants to know how I'm doing it. --beams--
Today I met my grand-sponsor and great-grand-sponsor. The heavens opened up and horns trumpeted from on high. I may have definitely squeed.
Sponsor held a party to celebrate her sponsor's (my grand-sponsor) 25th sobriety birthday. That's going to be me one day.
I'm 30 days sober today! --booty shakes in Wonder Woman underpants--
Got a notice from the apartment management that I need to dispose of all my Halloween pumpkins. Sure, right after my Christmas tree.
Since my full-time job is to stay sober and heal, I'm now at my third meeting of the day. That's a hell of a lot of serenity.
I went to a meeting that was full of every bad AA stereotype. If that had been my first meeting, I never would have come back. --shudders--
That thing they tell you about how drugs and alcohol kill brain cells? COMPLETELY TRUE. And it takes over a year for them to come back.
My sobriety sister (same sponsor) and I are becoming fast friends. I want to pick her up in a bear hug and shake her until she squeals.
I sat next to an old lady who kept looking at me in complete fear. How can I be scary when I literally have rainbows &amp; unicorns on my pants.
I'm at the grocery store and the tinking of far-off wine bottles is like goddamn angel bells to my ears.
I swear I've gone through a full manic-depressive cycle today. I thought that wasn't supposed to happen anymore after I laid off the wine.
Today I saw an old man stick out his tongue at another old man. Who knew Alcoholics Anonymous would be so whimsical.
While at Starbucks I told a middle aged woman that she looks great and she later gave me a gift card as a thank you. Warm &amp; pretty fuzzies!
It's been nearly a month since my last drink and I still have shitty short-term memory and am generally missing about 30 IQ points. Jeez.
According to an older woman from AA, I look like I'm still in college because she asked me where I go to school. She said I look 23.
I lost most of today to depression. I really really thought really hard about drinking but I talked myself out of it.
Going hiking tomorrow with my Sex and the City friends because that's what Oregonians do for fun. How peculiar these people are.
Woke up to Lil Lesbian licking a pair of my underwear in the laundry pile. That's the most action I've gotten in nearly two months.
I can now say with complete confidence that yes, actually, Cards Against Humanity IS way more fun if you're all drinking.
Knocked the huge specials sign over with my purse. It's nice to blame Michael Kors and not my ass for once.
Showed up an hour early to Europa's dinner at the wings place, oops. Ordered a club soda at the bar then sat as far away as possible from it
Dear Ol' Dad dreamed I was all in white on a huge white tiger and I walked slowly by with my dogs at my side. I like his dreams way more.
Dreamed that a velociraptor got into the house and was trying to eat us but I escaped. The alcoholism metaphors are getting old, brain.
I feel the bipolar tides turning toward depression. Time to really test my sobriety and resolve. Le sigh.
...and in spite of all these terrible stories I hear everyday in AA, a part of me would cut my own spine out for a bottle of wine.
I can't believe how many alcoholics have managed to stay alive in spite of themselves. That's beyond medical science, that's fucking God.
I think my group of Portland girl friends from a few months ago dropped me. Severe depression is reliable that way.
Told my sponsor that my apartment is beautiful and well decorated, but covered in a layer of mess. \"That profile applies to you,\" she said.
Today I'm 21 days sober, and I have absolutely no idea when the last time was I went more than 21 days without a drink. I'm guessing 8-9 yrs
My mother is learning how to use her first smartphone. I wonder if she was this proud when I took my first steps.
It's so cute to see sixtysomething men fist bump.
Every day that I'm sober, I hate myself a little less.
Drinking coffee while cooking is so not the same as drinking wine while cooking. --sticks tongue out at coffee mug--
Writing a post for my new blog and... wow. My writing is really rusty. Dare I say *bad*? IT'S BAD. It may be another week before I launch.
Living in three different cities, both my parents and I were all sick at the same time. Awww, my parents are always so supportive!
Why would my period be nearly a week late if I'm on the pill and haven't had sex in over six weeks? --pokes ovaries angrily--
Europa invited me to a party of sober people to play Cards Against Humanity. I am psyched even if they're all in their twenties.
Since I missed today's meeting because of my cold, Sponsor told me to phone 3 AA members and talk. I have a sobriety sister! We bonded.
Have a cold for the first time in ages, listening to AA speakers on YouTube, and coloring in my GoT coloring book. Also, ALL THE TANG.
Please explain the foot fetish to me because I think it's completely gross. It's like the one thing I refuse to accommodate in bed.
What is something fun that two girls can do out on a Saturday night without booze or men? We're both clueless.
Bridget Jones's Diary is an *awful* movie for a newly sober person because there is booze EVERYWHERE. I kept wanting to lick the screen.
Had a great time hanging out with Europa, my new AA friend, who it turns out is 25. I am getting mad at this age group in Portland.
...which naturally means I'm cleaning for the first time in over a month. I want to be her friend THAT BAD.
My new friend Europa (the platinum Krysten Ritter/potential sponsor) is coming over tonight for movies, coloring, and dog play date. SQUEEEE
The current state of my Christmas tree. Yep, SOBER. https://t.co/SHWxoxTxv3
16 days sober! --attempts cartwheel, falls over, squishes boob--
I asked Sponsor about casual sex during my first year and she actually stammered until saying, \"let's cross that bridge when we come to it!\"
...and the liquor store is in a nice part of town so the window display is reeeeally pretty. I want to plaster my face to the glass &amp; weep.
For two of my AA meetings I park in a lot with a goddamn liquor store 50 ft away. Yeah, real funny, God. Hardy fucking har.
Today I had coffee with one woman from AA and now another asked me to hang out Friday night. I love AA so hard.
Apparently it is frowned upon to date OR boink anyone during your first year of sobriety. BUT SEX IS SELF-SOOTHING THERAPY.
In AA they say when you first started drinking heavily is when you stopped maturing. Great, so I can tell people I'm in my mid-20s.
Self rehab is going great. Daily I reward a job well done with glitter stickers and chocolate. ...And now it seems I'm boring.
Helping Persian Guy shop for a butt plug. Good to know I have at least one area of expertise outside my career. --vibrates--
I just asked the 90 lb valley girl to be my sponsor because she scares me a little. Good. I need someone to kick my ass into happiness.
I woke up craving a glass of wine. *Fuck.* I need to hide my car keys. So much for sobriety being \"relatively easy.\"
I moved 2300 miles to get away from my drinking problem. Obviously moving to PORTLAND was brilliant. #eventhedoghasamicrobrewery
There may or may not be a new blog in the works. Stay tuned.
I had to have Dear Ol' Dad pay for my car to be fixed. I never thought at age 34 I'd still be taking out loans from the Bank of Mom &amp; Dad.
Despite my new overindulgence in sweets, I'm losing weight. My body must still be used to an extra 1000 calories of wine everyday.
Dreamed that I was pregnant and ecstatic. No guy. I could feel myself glowing. I GOT IT, biological clock, calm the fuck down.
13 days sober has been relatively easy, which concerns me. What if I relapse soon when the depression part of my bipolar cycle kicks in?
I had dinner with another potential sponsor today. I don't think she's mean enough to kick my ass the way I need. Good friend though.
I'm going to actually start exercising tomorrow, because my addiction recovery books told me to. Great, I'll jog with Oreos in my pocket.
I got an interview next week for doing some part time work! Thanks to someone I met in AA. It's quite the place to network. Who knew.
For the first time I met a hipster who I thought was hot. And the water here doesn't taste so bad anymore. I'm becoming a Portlander!
Dreamed that a skyscraper was bombed but I managed to get my group out in time. Then I flew all up and down to make sure all was okay.
Heh. I got to hug two really hot guys at AA tonight. Heh. I'm twelve. --squeals loudly--
A fellow sober alcoholic could tell I was new because it was clear I hadn't reached serenity. Okay then, SERENITY NOW!
My parents kept a fully stocked bar while I was young and it never once occurred to me to snitch booze. HOW CAN I BE AN ALCOHOLIC NOW.
Today is the six month anniversary of my moving to Portland. *This* is certainly not how I expected my life to be now, both good and bad.
Found season 5 of Game Thrones on a jumpdrive. I know what I'm doing tonight! --singing loudly-- Doo doo doodoodooooo doooo dah doodoo
HAVE I ALWAYS BEEN THIS CLUMSY SOBER?! CHEESE N' RICE.
Remember chat rooms? Yeah, me neither #goddamnAOLcds
Ever since I sobered up, I automatically wake up every morning at 6:45. I think that's my body telling me it's ready for a goddamn job.
I just realized I've become *cheerful.* This is really disorienting.
Today I saw a grandma raise the roof like it was 1996. Sober drunks are definitely my people.
Imagine a former meth head who talks like a valley girl and is as cute as a box of puppies: she's in the lead to be my sponsor &lt;3
When I walked by the wine aisle, I literally stuck out my tongue and went PHHHHTTTTBB. That's 10 days sober, you delicious evil bitches.
While running in the rain, I tripped over my yoga pants and &gt;&gt;&gt;BOOM&lt;&lt;&lt; face planted. Good to know I'm just as clumsy sober as I was drunk.
...and my father just texted to point out that today is Saturday regarding the booty call tweet. This will never not be mortifying.
You know you're getting old (or is it responsible?) when you get booty called at 9:30 on a Sunday morning. Can I have an Oh God Oh God!
I unintentionally cockblocked myself from sexting by reading a really depressing narrative (that I don't remember writing) on my drinking.
I've been rewatching tv shows and movies lately, and they make *way* more sense sober. Fancy that.
I can always tell when I'm hypomanic because I put stickers on everything. What? My fireplace *needed* a glitter unicorn.
Thanks to backups on two external drives, I didn't lose any data when my laptop was stolen. --booty shakes WHICH IS NOT TWERKING--
At tonight's AA meeting I got a promising lead on a job doing contract work. Praise the Higher Powers of AA!
OH MY GOD SO MANY PEOPLE DO HEROIN
I'm starting to crave Tang instead of wine. Is there an AA chip for that?
My replacement laptop is arriving this week. I'm ready to bitchslap some job openings with my bitchslappin' resume when it arrives.
Moving my stuff back into the Michael Kors purse that was stolen and dumped outside a neighbor's apartment. There's grass at the bottom.
I've been sober 7 days and in that time I haven't cried once or taken any Xanax. Maybe there's something to sobriety after all.
I tried drinking sparkling grape juice in a wine glass. Bad call. All wine glasses are now in a box on the top shelf of the closet.
Turns out the guy I just sold Adderall to has done AA, NA (narcotics), and GA (gambling). One more person offering advice, I'm in.
It's official. None of my fuck buddies in Texas knew I had a drinking problem even though I drank in front of them. I'm not exactly sneaky.
I haven't vacuumed in over a month, and I have two dogs--one of many reasons I shouldn't be allowed to be a grown-up. Also Lucky Charms.
Since telling friends I'm in AA, several have admitted they might be alcoholics too and tell me how much they *really* drink.
It's been 5 days and I've had no signs of detoxing or withdrawal whatsoever. I think my body is just that delighted I'm sobering up.
Tonight in AA I sat next to a guy who had been homeless and doing heroin a month ago. But...he looks like such a hipster.
I had Spaghetti-Os and Tang for dinner, because I am five.
Remember when people used to write nice long emails to each other? Now it's all texting. Makes me want to break out a pen and stationery.
Reconnected with my girl friends and one of them is sober now too. They're glad I'm out of my depressed funk and talking again.
Dreamed that I was a high-tech spy, like Sidney Bristow on Alias, but on a spacecraft. I wish I could record my dreams for rewatches.
Instead of passing out from a bottle of wine, I now go into sugar comas from eating waaaay too many sweets. I neeeed sugaaaaaaaar.
I've been sober 4.5 days. It was here that I relapsed last time I tried to sober up--so I refuse to leave my house lest I buy wine.
Got a call from a different potential sponsor. A *call.* This AA thing really is an all new world.
The woman-girl I'm considering for a sponsor looks like Krysten Ritter as a platinum blonde. We've already texted our stories &amp; backgrounds.
Wow, people in AA are even nicer than swingers--and they're trying to sleep with you.
Today for the first time in probably years I walked past the wine aisle without stopping. Actually I kind of ran past it.
The sun came out in the middle of winter! --hisses then shrinks into a ball of pasty snark--
Reading Mary Karr's memoir on drinking, \"Lit,\" instead of writing about AA. I don't know how to face my demons sober--or I don't want to.
My first AA meeting was much better than I expected. They gave me a chip for being sober 24 hours. I didn't talk to make sure I didn't cry.
I'm going to my first AA meeting this evening. I hope it's less depressing than it looks on TV. And there'd better be cookies.
